-----------------------------------------------------------------

			Untitled Harry Potter (Book 8)

		 Written by char-rnn neural network
		 Based on the books by J.K. Rowling
	 Original model designed by Andrej Karpathy					(github.com/karpathy)
		 Adapted to Python by Sherjil Ozair						(github.com/sherjilozair)
		Trained & reformatted by Joshua Moore 					(github.com/supamonkey2000)

-----------------------------------------------------------------


CHAPTER 1


I tell you makes you will have, Phances girl? He was staying by the part and set out! The man could give a bit and then, and the doors stepped pajame Fang has thought that where all . . . but they has to stop with a great students. Best they not calped.

"I think it cut you know, busy," said Harry.

"No, Harry, if he and Riddle fook Hogwarts, making over at the morning, Lily been wild one of the moment he too, my having fright whistle; then he too, so they perchbasing in the creature of a book new mouth scream", said Hermione on the surface.

"The thing a bit hurrilacths of, I ever so more passaged kept having so go down!" said his silver Wand, started waxity objection twitnigle.

"Twelve?" asked Ginny to the aisked, robes stafked down all useful that emitting again. He might explanation into thef parchment and lums, little roars in her mining turn and filified perfectly as though he touched Harry hand. "It wore you do! Boy, Wetchan good behind him in June, comes Voldemort reappearing to do with very bed! Is the man, who in, youve got Quidditch? I hope where made you were were thig Lagoom."

"Yeah", repeated House. "Come on, then some of a milks, and there was a Muggle trans of minds on here? I land of yehn you okay, turn unconscious, when I then youve got your lights. Within wander very dark reared across that. I was seen Albus, thought you ran all vigorous, and Slytherin red with the group might spiders, and there was a body what she past Sirius, you just feel for you fit and attend to arrived, Petunia voice ... I did be in a tiny very hard guarding and I bet smarl, dewibs to proud below to properly that Dumbledore got there".

"Offer for deal", said Mr. Weasley she was holding with his watch. 

"Deep the woods", said Hermione to order back to when he had been deftions. 

At the Goblet of Fire onto any arrived farther at Harry. Innerse. Sirius completely fiercely none of squeezing strangely Slughorn rang dispick, Harry spread so that hiss and purple agree flo. Hermione fatting in the deeper. Ron hundreds he inner that had not almost as he hammeneing bumbed in they call behind the Kwun around it onto his easy fear. 

"I and her, is it?" said that Merays, "he are still intrival desarred! In a photographs and get about the other one corpected Dobby?"

But milthmendared, there they went to gave over them out whether Yax the rest doors and with. Ask it eye. She took one of the room, was just touched him decoding magical forward trap and talking the freedl his hoping information ensure them with his head into red excitement mustache. His feet through her three fast moths of home to Lockhart and the state wishing with hourbouts and caught the pots with a paniatin said? 

Harry saw he turned out hed ever givefully. However, and ending. He looked back into a moment hidden by The Forbidden Summoring himself. 
"Oh yeah, all with this movements of Evitch, compart tree", he said claps of magical schedulety pointed toward Nevilacus. Harry looked bottle back he came back into no one. Harry scar to successed, pulling and enconsy roothless. He threw upon the attempt to cry out the wand cram-gia countment. Harry gaunted. Looks reading the doork was broken waver, when Ginny tapped the stairs on his knees from the beaptionally, smaller. Alrested matters and stepped by several body. He was around Lord Voldemort places. Harry had true to give out of an eye to go than Professor McGonagall. 

"I expect youre explunged them, but back then?"

"Cruciol, even with Dumbledore instruction of carried open me, he can was not nothing. ... Ech out of here it trying to get insides."

Ron during the pure looking walking higher to gaunt with her Souring. Harry had known him thrown from him back hard over off toward pumpkancing what has come. Gaultern from the dobling of tallen and stapped around the whole looked pressed turning into the T-shere. The Halboaded it, pinning around the top wont visits with room to open his four-doing; the third wanted to have slighter as thought he could really ready that he was going to see information in his hair too upside. 

Still peeble to the book near the Gryffindor usually pushed its foot, was joke objectbolods and knockhare Ron spells streaming, feel for Professor Floreria; was a rustle, off for himself off down the tunnel. At likelesson, makin he turned fallen in front of them dressed about a few minutes was looking with hard, Harry roping, just like the flare bright face with dead, her voice began to get sy outside the room of Hogsmeade weither was legs had having botheredled Malfoy, of course bunk, duckel Weasley been deporter, pause.

"No, Harry, I saw, now, shrick on, twirl. Good great hands, youll be started to poy himself. He wont wait."

Harry knew he moved, and the old school and eruthed hands to tell Ron warmer than an addiddets like her. He had informed Offician himself just set off. Never treed of him, she said. Dear tapping either.

"Yhaw ... of course?" said Harry, spent his voice quickly. "Come inved all Katie was being time thank it, turned been predictment much to go under horrible for Flitwick of anything on yes, this is what if I think Pever she clucky deciden and many or sentence with Harry large, what ready they wile honsurrow or enough, And she did not see it. Like did this would never be still teeth?" he aghing back from the table open, aware.

"But he seeming skilly?" snapped Snape, steption Quidditch quill; whether then he had harmardl in great contents voices. Takes an ancantan only one of this head and Snape stared unauting Harry and her. He tried to tell him.

"Get out of my fault attack after to blew", said Neville hair. "Left, Harry, Id like you! Said a do not change, all always have they say it would, Gryffindor thoroughly let filloding Moody silence!"

Harry and Dont books, gisping. He bare was now surface of her wand dowped, t-greated the carns last of them could see Hogwarts closeted raining into this wand. As Ron amoup had shrieked, doing the track there all, and slowly, and the door before. Harry sent the singsle and impomoronsy. He worked. 


CHAPTER 2


"Harry Potter and the Goblet us still knees with no marbur Cappraver, their a confust whether it snake hair looking at Hagrid in anything but thicker and cost, always worried of the Magical Voll seemed to get out what they were dark turn where Dumbledore. Parvati guessing over and swept used me, but he would not very searliks wand for that looking goes place to answer, and because Me", said Lyllwabactured Press Neville.

"Neville camp sorry, They passed to the rang and family by the door together", Harry could make a large face in a woman voice opened Harry and Left emptied with it bit and asked downstairs, Smolls. "Has Hagrid like it with you team theyre you!"

"In the music of Invise my satisfick!" said a yelzed. "Do you think that be Harry, no longer job into the dad? Goblet when I believe that may he diewcassion the weddin wanted to help us lying occuppiliarmuring. And I passed it ones in the Quidditch."

Dumbledore dog the huddered laughtable and he rove the Elder Wand with the brace at that enough the lamped hunting up the first house-melthanks were Harry out of the staff fuld she left, again. Hermione stood ahead. The rest of the keyhot. To escape, detected with the end of the Owling with a crack. Harry, Barred Harry thought very desperate follows, however, he hadnt accept Snape hand in the chained many reaching responsy and over the detrious. So Berume empty on the book agains his! said Ronlected their way in the seized his second co-genetted to Dobby.

Someone help your day he could. Are, didnt theyre going for now she glanced into the bottle imphorts had changed abandousted Hagrid, leaving a runting back in his tankage once but he was invisible slowly he wooden table: in a prefect of his face is Harry was creatures, but no one, even Crabbe gave no glance it around. 

"Then, why dont you taken upward was have not reveaded?" out let Ron "you must see your people Harry Potter softly ch back?"

"Well, wondering there aftenstions if mostoring your cheers", said Hermione "clear away. Onge, and there Robastments".

Thank magically, Harry asked his to such a difference to get opened it back. Hermione answered his head oodling a lot of fetch dararming has red-minutes in once the plumis. 

"You roughly like!" said Balkaned to either toward the Gryffindor curtly informstingling high-backings of headful fury on the floof onto the ceiling twin, shaking his feet at the scene and left the silently. He could mind and empty early. 

"Hermione." Harry put onto the stairs of heading chase beyond wide singlesking for Sirius said nothing to get from whether landing his ruth of the night widen-looking witch coming. "She on here?" 

"I dunno hummstarms theyre good charms?" said the loud slightly. "If you come, Id fair our compost wreck again. Now, looking at elello lit of trouble ve a bring very misty up on the frailing over me mad, well be not that this teacuppered them."

"I mend of remember", said Ron, shook hurrically around out of the air bite, both dad caught.

"Secondeope shoulder. Ever spoke with either hip ... were an arms brushing helped", said Dumbledore said quietly.

"Unagoin?" said Hermione, checked the other sight of Flitwick disgusting trembed. "What that thing to watch year permitted if if You-Know-Who borrowed beneath him magic!"

"Somethening!" said and sleeping more stupidly.

"Hey, find in the us. ... And he can fry A Migitified the looks to me I was going to low!" sneered Malfoy, raised his hait black cold, in a harry, and his roor. Once something very well swoll, and now regreed other and word.

"The Hog Cedric before he made the Ministry of Magic did is that morning", said Harry "found ter tolkily?"

And how much to read a barn of magmomined of long drove 
out of the witchess he had 
already glancone, they himself back over to powerful Gryffindling repalance as if he had an inspectih, wouldnt he? 

No! said Hermione into the boxes. 

That if she had have stand? Both maud, said 
Malfoy. 

Harry so, said Lupin. 

What did could Riddle, Maduyua 
Tett. 

Lee 
stepped after spells hastily 18lides glumging, stambled on the school. The bedside strings of this. The afternoon. Come to 
telling the common OUg WARR OF 
ENOAGONTE! Hagrid, were greeted Harry. 
Look, 
whate him, blocko 

Petunia beside. He begging up from the bag. 

So  

Harry did up 
him. 

Just, who even to your under temptatop, asked Ginny, the corridor from her, that he liked the very ascat  

The copy her 
particule or great broken 
charks owls reveal at that jow himself. 

That he did not be back that ... siend Shomeaf from 
Dumbledore! 

Footed her world when everything neither years to be able to be 
there! 

Slughorn swung but he swung over to his edged eyes 
unusopses. 

That ter eerhabberolons. The cellar 
from Mr. 

And she hadnt 
just she torture this view, Dobby was doing. 

Harry wapping else. 

Well do you are good intervenite eviton of terror, said Harry, 
pleased him on all the 
clue for so gift through the crowded ... Beckon the gold slaming more looking like hystires. 

Think 
Buckbeak, said Ron. Look at all for the middle of 
a voices, but Zachament... 

What death 
that 
think. ... 

Exams cook, said 
Dumbledore quietly. 

But the 
Halloween bound, which was immediately unelace-totched. 

I wont, he after the long year? he repeated and suddenly. 
He did not seem to Kmept intensely, apparently 
difficult to say. The door. It was giving evidently feared up, Harry still, 

Cappuration 
made the teast of blow out again, and they knew what among the tiny and said, Who to defies bright the wind for seconds is unicorn in his 
voice 
always Wizarding stufffd asked ter you try and he? Hanner good 
place liquids passible for the studeglens ... Indeed, so, no trying to be before Dad down his wand has 
always, it had across the goblins 
of it, I mean always keeping it for informing for the trop of any perf ar 

 why nothing searching away, it wasnt it. The many violency on dust of usvoothed off, he just knowing it all clustled revenge, the Dark Arts, willing from the lying speak on, and brought 
no seized the Ministry of She 
said, But Dad why handow Malfoy broom, the tiny sweat. 

Okay, Hermione, when well 
does an centurs simple Christmas itll be your bench, then  Harry opened Hagrid back in 
the 
wood-burned out of the 
scar again was sitting, the chincinity of Dudrill and 
hook out of 
his glasses 
this would hurt you, following it on faces after Keep the end in front of Thim. But I dreamily, saved the 
officely manemy up, whom photographs heard him stupid almost noticed to be slight, that 
you know what Winky 
has your village huddle practice in Gryffigo Ponixercolts 
and Professor 
Menvil were spew to expelled to the rest of the cabinet, Petunia will be jawfully to his feet by different seems on 
Spell, it will be him a magical threw for his jinxered, 
she was 
sure 
dementors for a morning and it was never kind, but wooden longer than anyone wizards, 
and a bound it all 
him seemed calutively, and raised his leg secrecy, to be very blockting. Tom and the wizard he had on as since the sound of her head coughoned himself. 

I bet despitaticiotens in from yourself! said 
Harry were subjection and 
corner at it of his brother and unpost this. 

Why you were always like this last, she said love newtrants on his 
killet houses and quickly. That 
thick, Lupin seen of the player ought 
to ee, it Malfoy, (Snape. Gotta line  

A woman sitting 
missed my surface of room. We would they, said Snape rang his 
leasure. Wete towering with the Ministry of 
Magic twitterchie? 

He related 
five chair and puzzlering 
came, sir. 

Okay, you, said Harry, grinning into 
his shoulder for an enthailina greench 
down their wand from and 
moments, they 
felt to 
Harry 
chance full jargent as ever let much. 

Riff-borri 
could think Evides. 
They did anyone bitter much at the 
magical, you want to know you know, that they applause ... 

There had been approvate. 
Speen 
hit Lee Jordan, and the rain and staying 
among me skull, there could and of the 
Slythering 
hand has told my mad 
hardly got window-shapsible, but he hones and three and tapped her head light with him broke and 
walked backwame scrimgeob all baccord time. 

I thought a man and 
hiding by cloak strode of broken by Dumbledore, said Harry to his fingers. She always stumbling on his school, we? No, weve been on her fingers from Ty forward in front of defenchen run. 



Page | 373 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




Jungient, were bound so that it just speed blank. 

Is Voldemoring ago  

Im not, said Harry. 

Have you? said Hermione, gletter have 
tottered as Malfoy, Impusching herself 
soaring each of this? Come away  

I think what I refuse then, amazing and warroles, how much even have your forehead, as 
us about that, however, doing it, it nearest youve got me? Blowly up! 

Harry shoutable; he was always guarding magic, and he spun him, filler and 
tone of their class colored closed all Lily, dimbled by the Room of the graveyard guesswork flickering with a telessain to the wall, wondering Harry, 
into ten wizards on him upon his intercured back back. 

Hi? mulling his head in the flames glanced off his fire. Knot pouring back down, tunned 
to the ground and slightly, a cauldron together, but he sacking through wooden sneery knocked hows that had 
could not shell gave us at 
of wizards for the every cage, too last time sayd it didnt tell Madam Pomfrey room of pain, but there was a hands, shall temper in the 
publier. He got dece over his wand again, whicket, but now, all of shape impatiently bidning 
break-grove as though the flicking and 
new office up Books 
across the fact to the jobbitchete than the tumble beautifyed as 
act fifteen. It has had burning a good days of that 
doing happens, safe with me  
I nonoge, how dare say, works of cowl here 
alone toward the mirror, and Snape put 
Hogwarts about a brave of fault. Fudge 
walk to My postionion has already see the 
canvauncruit-head suddenly he began their way gang of ripples. 

Well? 

You my storming grip might worry word in your midair, as Stubby scorked swooped your meant your 
Chamber, Tonks time although Imperiogyent again! Uncle Vernog to treme of magic full of an unusual 
ahead. Nearly her and go 
with sobssiderating dull, didnt hear him that it was blood. It might 
practice yourself windowalted with 
defide Moghts come and disappeared . . . but toll 
Cedric later, showed him in the plan to help except the Weasleys, somehow Dumbledore is for 
months, Arthur, as you 
had attain placed with that master of the other. 

As he was closely urge 
even laughed. 



Page | 370 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets - J.K. Rowling 




Fine, Ron stared 
up and sockecis 
of since after a discussing dreadful for authing the looking over to the crack, and still still going to give and seconds convinced turn to her 
 Seply to him, his 
shoulders. Ron voice 
as the Depregil, a second books on. 
Harry and Ron grunted by his three 
that said, Well, the first, while  

There back! people from everywhere as Hangratill. Why come one anger, terrible exactly who was unelace. Apparently meaned in weeks, Harry oping possession of breath news and 
morning you doing but he was going on? 
Curriss that; it is able to see her friends for he 
an odd! If I ten not shut after whatsoo godfather likes consulted, either room. 



Page | 514 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




I 
please, said Lupin. 

Flow their eyebrows, bludied 
training upon the horsibs creepided 
appear. 

Youd know Fact live cooking wizards talking to the class! Ron said anxior lightly dodgest out of his best flung immediately. Oh, Im given  

The dust  muttered Luna pale beneath the wand. 

It was much a tenselp. The and silencing her midagured. A few disturbed party, and Ball thas talent small look was good and burst chimle 
enough Slytantate over the seventeever, in its feet, and 
oddly, with the four looking something could see him 
more spinned, distincting except Harry looked again totalized back 
onto his victims mind. 

But well see Ive got a few more take me ? 

But I wasnt go read the church in houd other time in the wall! said Hermione said, it did funds on the Mark understand Krum or going to speak some 
now that he was once of a 
sweat on 
the name, definitely he said which Sirius and 
the table: 
Dumbledore know what did not come on one 
Invisuall or agens, if anything better, and 
had two 
put the 
stairs  

Harry frog 
down 
strode. 

Harry looked up around the entrance even empty, hint surprick. 
Interested soft and then through the door-faces in the bed, and Snape asked by Harry. He dont read what that what going to go? Nearly give hed felt 
something 
put down an idea! 

He ran to recime the garden or 
Voldemort trap. ... There was no mith yourselves had been in the efch. 

Page | 187 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J.K. Rowling 




large chest, forgotten a path to Ministry of Magic seemed to get another 
school would have to giving such banged, Harry end of faming and see a lamp without working and down with a crookshanting. He had the air. If the rose in which you are might need by my hands. I had forgotten 
to tell Cedric, hell 
what happened, I know, having better stair, which will mean it, his head on him. Ignother issuing several pocket and wipper and hissy burst open into the silence from the jacket. 

Why isnt this work? 

He 
Weasley? Hadnl immediately doubts, aftercate has been there. Though he has never, size the 
other 
days damping at the door. 

We alarm over the game. 

But Youll want to 
the first weiltyle; Harry didnt reckons everything that Hover shriebout arent. You wonderful both your 
voice, no years later 
does! Dumbledore ce Ron was something to leave about you 
reder, but our 
defined a wood! Oh night who sitting Longbottom, I have macket or gut ... That seited out of an armor slifialts, suddenly, but did my splow much neddentry, or no oblivonger of him, you have a 
different Moody . . . next short moving my persielit that 
chose, I dont hate a weak, okay, mrecket 
as I drifted 
and on 
Azkaban, might have got wall, 
almost talking across the portrait of the candlel end of whom so Dumbledore was sometognafiorty thing. I am? Harry piled front of the woman and saw. It okay? Theyre theyve been mad. 

I mends ... 

I want to bed and instany... she stand. Hag anything ... it finalizing 
smile! Kreacher, evidented so 
keeping 
objects heads, hatever? 

At Panes Peeves 
Flitwick was lying clunk. They decisions. The kitchen traithment in Parselfs view! 



Er dear, I didnt know they wont 
restrating earth could confiscue, my dear, whispered Ginny, goods in clear-crashed hed 
see the odddom and 
your electric such a relief, though then seized the Bludger on a bats evening term by Hidereath boasting 
in the shower if said Luna 
could ever believe the past an 
Narcissa, definite began to take them; he 
tried something hushed at the mufflier in fresk in the bitter teach security of the ball rather nonscled the gamekeeper by Fang. 

Severus on their piecements. The 
Horntail migged 
him liddided. 

Page | 193 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




The stone and Hedwig down, 
eve finished the read the wish you will, theyd journey or different enthusia. 

How told you are in the Desnobors of a wand quickly to face her food, Harry was sucking again. 

So I would show it, I dont know what I suppose he to 
look Harry, he ... singy to 
get them and well it was turning. 

Page | 375 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




Instinytion Harry were birthday more at herses out of a 
knowing himself in the examine 
they remainagers, he had just brought two imagines a do dranding silence to her showning a hand. 
Bagman lowering the rest of fresh by healing at once tonight from the walls were too bad thick arrusting Snape, hard as a small as he sat down onto his birth asoating his bags around an room, and the simple long longbotted through the trees 
was feeling against the sweetly to tell them a bookshy writing himself, and he had had tried to keep it with the 
Impervicess of alsose more a glass. . . . avosed Tye and had not they wont think that 
Professor McGonagalling some 
strown if the field. ... So he can explain for Mrs. Weasley if Hermione caught her 
just died by twelles the shelves, his dismore 
turn a  

no we have materiwar? 

They were smiling 
field to their own monghered, vanished list a looking barely grimlessal the trald 
followed 
the life, Luna stretched a 
winderal to burst may, Parvati, 
which was no idea 
other waiting toward the old magical knee of his part of them into the flames, and he could not see Hagrid night. Where were 
achieved Wizayed. 



Page | 195 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




There was 
just then before seriourate Harry immediately prisouring to make a very rather heavens. 

I never see the whistle 
quiet. 

Ah I knew good hardly seems, both Dumbledore examination. 

Peeker hand, said Hagrid, 
laughing harder with perfo instead was something 
from the Cleanstatily, who was safers seemed 
to Sectwinsails out 
warm: The Holseateed in brought him against them from rained to the 
Gryffindor Scright nervously in a pair of the 
Nimbus was father trang onto 
himmering tea, Affectionlo 
seeking against the Slytherins 
to the friet. 

Mrs. Weasley, said Harry at Hagrid, looking knew whether Harry, but nexeroons, within exam as 
hurted being running bag when 
Ron said, and Dudley looked vaguebody, You could have finally they got him that 
the Leave they makes against her, all right as they were Dumbledore was eyes 
had been ter Lockhart, 
not everyone wont feel at night again, am Quidditch 
Muggly difficult at the singing inside with Hermione noticed, was in single-break: 

Because Dumbledore win a flought 
the reappeared. It 

Page | 144 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J.K. Rowling 



Thank you! he added to angry and does as view had made an old earth 
buttorn with a crab of a lot of time, as Hermione went to start for the hair. 

Draco not do? certast expression, Galleons. Loves, Hermione, Im taken-several 
I ask bothless me missing 
return to sprools Trying ... 

The Shierdool in get so planted name? Professor McGonagall, songptecent again, 
stood into 
the tables. What dritted a potue, and all down at last, you would have 
accessained will making a 

 
I met I not 
crystan the asson, 
said Mr. Crouch 
handling noises syyllipping his irritably on. He and Hermione was squealed Harry a 
feeling the doorway, 
glancingly as though the carped off the evening as though he was keeping down the kisponed. Harry had to 
read Harry and it packed back out a wizard 
boarded. Well, 
are it the Knight Goyle Hannes 
certainly I cant want ... 

There was to care, some modring 
stuck on the decent another feet on, eggs, very feeling 
the Snitch. Harry completely, soaring at it made the group was had 
everrest office rage. 

HALLEN! roldly. I was visitors with the 
a little to me. It 
couldnt be 
somebric carpet understanding, Harry! Minerva 
Trelacy, and picked less-? 

Ron settled until he 
looked knively. 
No, youve worry are priding Snape dood, said Harry. 

Oh, you didnt soon  

Page | 230 Harry Potter and the Half Natio 

Page | 505 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of S 

And he leave. Harry had forgotten, trily down the 
deeply dark: normed 
Hogwarts, smiling. 

Harry and Ron among away lately. There were party froeneshot of the 
overpield might telephone out into the Care of Page | 43 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




Oh I ages, said Moody, lightning, wild hard. Death gang wrech on another diadem on group of another hall as he realized, it 
bein? 

Dont want him. Then Sirius, well need that Neville got forget. 
This isoncy 
recognizing them to a reflection of bothers, hell she not 
been a gleam-and-hairer. 

He knew Nearly For me, said Harry. 

Hermione, Whether you different for it, said Dean, trinkled again in his hand. I cant go to change to him ... well, do you sunlike are the light in anyone  

Just like front of tight to appreciet books and 
thundery and swallowed. It was not that they had along again. A spell as though this those feet it respriminitible to 
think we threathe safe to them. 
Dumbledore seemed the corpnessed fortune, a feeble when he would net got to make it needs we got her next student, not 
then, they were only heard him, giving. 
 then the truth. 

She on you not have let him neckon! Pester plenty of magic, so 
more you 
was him with your 
poster ... I told Hogwarts, said Dumbledore. 

Voldemort dingy  



He couldn for at hours me seemed to get sock was security dissolved him from the other 
dream hairy one of them abrolled Ill sign to me 
to laugh! 

Harry Potter, said Harry interested a hair into 
the final red sinking hopelessly, fully still shaking forward toward something as she 
muttered. Thanks he 
love noticed he was innocent right of 
every open them to the Sletter that evil 
marching got memories of them. 

But Hufflepuff! said Ron, smirping on his jaw of 
the smoke, comfortably. If you have an our brothers ? 

Harry deep. 

No, said Harry, 
and then on his feet. 

Dumbledore can  

This is checking the feap, shouted Ron over his pobblind floorciols. I seventh of his liver. 
Hagrid 
more you brief in the O.W.L. rike quick, but Hermione will be gloatshantment, and Voldemort minds too, it opened Professor. 

Then Sirius 
Harry, of course, I had the joking. ... Haven settles me if ... back, said Hermione, looking up him out from the school and fell over-uthed aside and swept back 



Page | 416 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




As 
they were great great wands with 
his shadows conflid 
broomstick, with an out. Was he had passed in time at long red way 
back mention- 
travel 
choice. 

Er ... I but the 
little cord 
Class the whole bestors in nestle. 

Harry raised his nose and an eyeled with him 
for stiffly, going to drowning 
cold, opened Grimmauld Place 
faces dragged himself and got 
fast mistake, and floor, 
young and 
very so shoes, but between his face. 

Blimey, Slytherin path? whispered again on the door as the 
femary table beard and talking out of her chair. 

Dobby heard 

year, said Ernie 
correctedly, but Harry showed Cheemed deserted feet was flying. Harry had returned on 
the station tankardly as they 
stirthy say is very 
vice. 

Poside o trick as Snape? said Percy, he had made to 
chatter too. He invisible to put people; yet 
Invisial flat and toppled. He was going lakenet spent the Ovidous, 
while siched for the door 
shut as they did not even looked motions from the students streaking his hirmed up and dnite of Slytherin spell now looked 
white, and he had squee for 
Fridgrol-badled to climing harder than ever joke any wit few stoop 
away for for Ginny was endstatches, Mrs. Weasley was 
mind makes Hogwarts put us back again, one 
suserought, hushed but both Cedric first 
Thickly on the 
dead, and seemed beak, if this idorate now to tell that it came up to the more stumped out in the tuar on the thick had returned shifted, lits, and blow of the 
velvet had been no gloom. 

Snape doesnt think Dobby to bed their neck underbot in since the Horntain and every time ... funny. They went up, there was nothing took moscomations. 
Sirius wanting to amanders behind them around any flyided as though 
three creak of a bitterly to happen 
Fleur Frogging as it 
definitely and hand across the tankance would have 
being reached a row. Madarrym 
Wormtail had presenizing. 



Page | 414 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




the equal. 


Good lamps at the heavy? said Beauthe bore and seized the kitchen, his mouth. The girls illegulazoc. 

What got a bitlmout to catch 
Abbrewnained, Hermione shuffled her 
deep sound 
out over the trunk, alassed a people with under them down the opposite histily out above beading the front expression of handles upon them 
as the seen 
highly all off if the way he raised the floor. 

Commsticks. 
He never seen use? 

Even heard forward to all after silves. When they strode reading Dumbledore Transfigurity master. He not suddenly yet been rather knows when he could not see the fattaffer softly. 
Then well; a preesing where Lockhart, he was on the match? Yet confident of horrible fast in the Leape, she looked kind of one morning back for a beating elf pointed in the castle Bill 
at thefeirs and distinctwors. And how do you been really? 

Broomstick? said Harry took that 
problem. Let go to assiece for Dobby, she said. Ron, a her eyes mustnt have 
played through your took of Defense - 
Auror. 
Theyre staying away, he was telling one for another spectacles. He had entered over the dragon after it was gloom, and hit the subject about snowy Hogwarts. There was 
Hermione 
and upon Ron (introduce past the name ve went 
between them. He would gave an eye, grabbing about. 

Won no longer 
returned up. 



Promise on him, said Dumbledore had scrambledlop. 



Page | 357 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




sentence informatie. He needed each was how he could not understationed a diving papers. But the trees appears that was 
behind his stool whether this one, with 
himself and was leaving his teers gleezy and bassed toward himself toble, the usual statue of tentatively. 

Sirog Have 
Uncle Vernon, wouldnt s 
Snape 
will mean it in myils at work, Shackletion 
Gubliever of tense with 
the Blood swapping butterwated at the pavement 
was 
madonim out. 

The Prince puncture 
Quinite explosion and talk to the blasting him across the grounds to decide them a little within a looked him. 

Instead, still grin stool of tate mutters and 
discovered as they quite into 
the green hand down the resisubs. He stopped 
during 
homed into 
bottle on to Harry, his badger hope he tried unexhanknoworm. 

Hair as she giant broke two seized the tips of 
more has noticed underage Black 
would be a bit about these boxes made; it would have 
feeling attempted time 
understand unlished had moved the Goygettly desperate, prodden this mirror better got the point. A-frinks wered to get on the girls making list. 

Fred and George said, it was 
poison, what still forgot to 
die of Snape was cEINISWEETL! Species of his 
parents film looks with Umbridge face was good smalled, wilder of underwitnessed for the top of their front 



Page | 305 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 



at last? Clowing greedily as he wake a jark over Malfoy. Avery and, telling the silver weight in 
Cedric will want to keep up, as Hermione just came two 
many realize Voldemort orders so matterpaker. 

Everyone is logs made death Harry tried to 
go ... ter contents are a bit of what he had no one must 
planted around. ... 

Oh, sorry I only remedsed off and fit forward. 

Harry peeling bagnation of Ron glasses and saw Ron like a road 
job the morning, where no volutely 
shriek he waited. 

Bying the robes, thinking magic leated more straight and glanced out of Kirk-fought him from it, but 
the fact bag. 

You keep up with all him, he another two light about Ogden covers! Harry deeper, if the owever ... that can is he car not else? It Professor several wigging with your famous Luna hands me about that this time, have you been being just staining it. Wants going at 
the heavy? 

He suse-body blowize, said Ron. We could not look 
point of a state out of this 
ter hang 
for the Daily Prophets, you? 

Snape ownerself returned, 
alarmed in the opposite into the thousand wearing as thought out of parents; he alive about with anything feet of book about the Westabled emerged from the gap and 
put him made stirred silver scared through the seat 
to add to get action in the ear of bothered another deat. And meand how the same next trail 
and he knew he did not have things it, then dived as complaining up 
together at the bottom. Of course that 
here dont know it froze to shouted, Ron good as 
Decree past an 
Parfooting to be seen whole may 
moved upon 
me to scorns! 

Oh no he can time if youre shop? said Moody. 

Mack 
three 
for that he didnt happen? said 
Hermione, 
pressed 
either and foal front doors she 
was now took up another green feet before hall, his eyes were done to shake, at soaring to talk  

Page | 126 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J.K. Rowling 



but remember? Tell the Dark held and had send a 
match, 
the hat them to reaching Ron show themselves instead. Sirius had happened, helpings made one flugging through the 
headmaster of fression. Dumbledore was voices 
hurried repe on to Dumbledore, the body forgeting themselves to glepell on possession of scuttled their 
chicken door, as you trust 
compart. I know anything came 
Page | 695 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




when he put Harry 
before Ron did bring it 
and he deserved for scrambling it. ... He could bothered marched of breath exactly, talking very ghostly. It 
through the ground. 
Portkey page it deserves. It so right, Hermione, 
Dumbledore all right, have us accordece? And Krum 
put all them perform? 
Add youll be books, as though I want to be breathed? Why not siid. Now else dangerousle Petunia had actually but telling You-Know-Who  

 Emplocoghing 
tackle ill at three. 

Then at indivous wall; the scrafting for severing, pushing out how very perfectly elloon 
most 
day, and he suddenly growled and slightly 
settled curtled creature with a gather through her eyes. 

He could not 
join the stated stoppen was very remember that the Elyenson, then poserly tinso best chair, and he forced him too showims again with a 
thought, and 
invention was looked down in the mess to accentification eyes once, they something far and placed behind the black turkestrap 
for a halt, somehow, naught em. 

But go on your tip off told Professor Flit into him! 

Page | 687 harever! said Hermione, telling her nose and handle again. 
That was, yehl youll bet out with one of them hit eranders, he house glimmedled 
forced the room of his usual at an inside his helpings and 
second. 

Then Slughorn began. 

Harry loved it, he gave earth, as snamp of almost testled waving at Sirius Nick, pointing in its fangs. 

The corsisular who were balactage eggisiously before the book good-by generoas, others, and 
not cant have tea! Do and no, Ive got 
that 
past for used to averoped year, but Requie, she was not make locked your faces. The Hallows, feeling Quidditch. If the possibiling  

Harry glanced lit the 
Dark Lordamed 
when they were her voice as he gulm off lower 
strode 
through its 
anything 
backing she was not this eyes. At least 
he could tell a body forthed the familim and kept forkprocking window next walls, still 
surely flood and 
Professor MeF-top- holidays in 
front of 
this, Crabbe on claims on the Sumption from Harry and speaking, hit view 
from 
Muggles who assirated in its 
mother in front of the 
incapcorttken from her wand at the fauge and the duty, 
her bag off the new stiff- 
and He still standing at the 
High Elphowed. ... 

Dumbledore 
looked nivicius buried his heart was 
sure darkly, or he isnt up in the Ears in there previous time to barely associng ever. I cant want letter, and then he walked off behind it: 

One linexants. Youx, really abou sleep: Hermione obviously even much looking 
Harry, the wand and he wanted to screams with senstords; they might put out, an was in 
Gryffindor without late at the very sink rough, the indicated ten yearts, but moved from the color of prefect, 
water 
inches. It each other ... a potting up their grinken 
...hed Ron 
pause they 
scarles meetings. 



Page | 282 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets - J.K. Rowling 




I could blisted to the books the creature 
relives who have known them and achieve Sirius Bellatrix, said Sirius, with an end of keep Hogwarts table flashed 

Madam Pomfrey, was visible 
landing me large clie in perfumed Hedwig upon them. Fleur face to make sleeps were centaur. But there was a sky set off, upon 
her founders, but I 
regorate Sundity 
quite lived, Harry dad that may Pettigrew 
security couples pocket that 
they just burning, must have going to do nothing to be more sealing like a tip be trembling lightly where 
the roof took all the enter? Her 
has picked up and soon, trying for champion, 
had he can. All right like Harry each off the spot. Nick, friendly near Mrs. Weasley seized Harry and 
Ginnocled and 
Harry. It 
seemed to 
Neville. 

Hitor! asked Mr. Weasley strode on the vamped, his feet as they might have thought that his heart down on his 
head in their robes. Ten. 

Who, Im going sorts of 

If Im broken month to the few spinning up to 
me, Ron! 

Something on the sleeves flickered 
around. 

I am a strength Harry, sir, said Harry quickly. It wont 
chosen up? 

Yes, And, said Mr. Weasley, looking desk fluff upon her hand again. . . For at all. He took up the first. Glown it meant with enthusiastically slightly gratitoges of the emans had faved by nonest question like a bed; it worked heavily, living, clear, remained worder, and part picked 
sure you injury Harry know, 
at first sone, 
bringing open and dropping Mrup and, if there wouldnt have sat if 
unlike a decision. When Albus, Im going into a second year, Diggory Dumbledore never find together is hundreds her eye onto the Ministry of argument duck, too, seriously building in pasted it by a robes; on Actardity motion, tnatches and bent. It 
over somehow that the shopping his offices explain and they worked as 
Springy as much again, and I had to tell your voice quickly on his wand, at all, bother zoo stooped by the high and searched up will 
set off Requisives. 

Said to take him a better? Harry said; 
the low to atselves 
postred up by the depths, it had swollcaid, almost 
unusually everywhere develope him to 
go on it. You decide her. 

Stan he was on excellent, said Hermione. It need 
about go? Right. 

Theyve got: 

No! said Mr. 
Weasley froid 
around. 



Page | 5 


Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




Will his fature pullin he said mecise expercked himself and approvix a nextress through annoyed Charm, Ron and Hermione, just unexpected little begged 

Page | 119Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenil - J.K. Rowling 




You just come, Hagrid beer had under ever, which 
slightly clinged. Black, Harry noticed Harry and 
right, safe it wipher 
than to talk to the rest of him. 

It was making the minute laughter and 
to know here it got the one, but I might lure imagine there  

I dont know who ask up, Marvolonight. His jememery man, or nothing came in us. 

Trickles 
plast. 

I wait. 

Ron Dumbledore had keeping immersed glanced toward Fleur heaving shiny tightly tonight; 
they 
took one concealings. He 
else he had even mined bringy feet, they would empty summered against at Snape potion this skiddey 
out of the order, making the 
Dark Lord that room was burning. 

Harry, 
Uncle Vernon sprang at Hagrid. 

Lovely, I took to me is for plains 
high. Ten I was dead to proof tempers. 

Havent you was wainning noich, said Hagrid. 

He swung his hears. Oh, 
hours, Pope of souling at 
him from Angelina safe father dead, 
by Goyle wizard habby Extender with her and him she uppering position, recalled the marbles said. Gregor scather of the Slytherin, that its seughter, Montake complain her outline, her roared, the dark 
by one three minutes banner at 
the other better grapeful near this, staring 
at her to his time, glancing into the chanting forward they shrattered 
after all that count. Dippets where he seemed another breath students headed darped on Tom Potter were stringing me 
made 
themselves to understand when 
they had sett further crowdly hold 
a double of Harry 
creaded man speak himself, her being texthin, skitting highly box in the D.A., Lily, Hermione looked plan. 

Im heard for any chickens we they? Bletter working, ah all! There wont talking a nightmare of Snape, though, the excellent cower Hermione gange nost instances to stings. 
No one, he ignore them, recomple look to the 
last came the quietly. Jocking most years onto hid off with them in the changing them downstance spell got together students substition. The led his 
focuses, observen at the reflection 
Scrimgeour ripping at Harry. A hands. 

An a nicnor, he added, see it did back it as well. 



Page | 496 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J.K. Rowling 



He polish young matting myself, to use my nose, then, said Harry, looked up. 

Quicknesses about Hagrid neck understand Albus theyve got time! said Hagrid inced 
them, with heavily, 
Weasley? 

Sorry Maghoun Gryffindor if you dont think were going, said Bill 
convince ely into the 
face, 

Professor Snother him, then, said Mr. Crouch-haired smiled at the side. You must staying? 

Open me off! he and then the white descended 
it looking back sounded crowded closely rolls. What does side of dinner do not enter it? 



On the wall, where particular jumper 
would have seemed to have draining very feam. 


Bodriking Slytherd the kids, lost moving he had after one he fully and the first illus 
out friends 
of friends. He thought he wasnt emerged at you got 
traces, where thoathe in the days let him go kinster think of used that 
tried to go reached their faming unexpecting ... 



Page | 683 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




Harry pocketed 
hard; Harry fluctor 
 otherweaming to theshited. 
He sprendizing, the book for the door and panic noths from the tiny loudly, trasply gripped. With a hall glanced down the lates of an hearth has too lifted. 

Well will bluff proper 
that yourself, Im taking the next to discuss anyone entered this time ... leave Hermione knowfule of the next near those hand from himself, thinking in a fight, 
though ... anyone been up. 

Hi? said a buckled over the windows dart only white doorward. Mrs. Weasley; 
Winky sideways 
and had asked Professor Manimenks behind 
him, so that stuffed his moonlived on the immense gillust, and slid out a hoart Tower getting parchment landing hard 
on brightly back. 

Dumbledore ! raised his head, 
when they walked down. It was desperate, but Hagrid and Filch flung. It took her erayed to 
How slid 
two 
helless comming the 
dangerively ascented, Harry would have your not felt sprifed as soon. 



Page | 77 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




When they gazed out about the last one The 
Potter of Hagrid in the thiel, but whether on Glush in his Horcruxes was patches eager 
went and 
stopped a vanished. 
For a gap, unawardnow . . . but sure scar in 
a second table, upon Fleur chipped hands in the time except turned up as scared up in 
skidning at watering. 

And this, I don ever yeh! said Luqisass that this question, then there was to find us all well thoughts were felt after the 
word up out of his float for once what was devening dreaming for 
parchment, but Harry was looking about his right on the lesson, and going to be her hand voice. Then Harry wanted, six again. 

And he scraped at London! said a seconds, and then looked as though said. 

Miving Firl if theyd know we are me you do your voice on! Hermione 
watered through the diad had definitely simply let out some 
swifts was holding the dark longest parchmy through the 
beard had been the first time. 

Page | 783Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




I think Umbridge made him different? Harry suggested to have dreadful stronging his head and, thinking only less again. 

Grass Frank two more opared to get over where 
youre to knowhere your parents; 
his four case 
Protected, Ron returned to ever been ungalled in sight. 

Hermione job her voice at a thin, pinch of the pictures 
behind him with Privet Drive, Tod look surprisingly. 

I think me a time, said the overpautiall, and two. First, even teeth, he shouted. 



Page | 115 Harry Potter and the Philosopherman - J.K. Rowling 




 
her wand down to. 

Harry had died betterbouts seemed at 
him, trust up where them it best 
terms with their 
(which wont have Halling the Killing with their carricated right twins and pulling him. Hermione knew yet sidethiff, gave a 
bad beneath his lips. It was. 

The 
Great Hall in the giants steam 
sticking 
anxious. Ive really get another elder gaze and that their him, let was 
afternoon, Professor Snape? 

You might  

No! said Dumbledore: 



Page | 49 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




Now of poison, said Voldemort. Merrymul next does not done, foolise 
were shaking. Live look like maan 
Page | 418 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




Hagrid 
fast, stepped eyes with a her eyes and walk to them. 

You mean temperable them, Harry rephied through him. 

Raised Snufling strange, they cant be a pleased, dam it been stair, said 
Mr. Weasley. It does the Miest of him 
not are seen underwit helped you get to him 
you said to 
suits of gesture, said Ernie Aunt 
Page | 139 Harry Potter and the Conspers fears all still began about too. Harry hunch were made the corridors and escape. He anxious, and there was a weach, and didnt seem like himself on their breath objectors shops when they fought on the slife-eyeacle, and the clear an owl. By celebrating and then, 
black dog 
thoughts far 
Fleur and Luna was quite lowered 
Muggles 
brooms for an awkwistressed cange. He opened the centaurs and trick off it. 

Maybe, said Harry quickly. And he must have 
had they say to get to meet betant  

Yeah? shouted. She remained toward Hagrid the wall; the spy movement and saw her. How did you 
be 
like here, I heard Snape sitting feeling boy, perhaps, me, Ron) Winger little, 
yours so 
Apparated. He say Harry raised his stees, looking up about and imparath pumpkin chest, apparently headpbentily. Harry powerfully. He could 
dinnings 
in 
ceiling 
Muggle Padfuous quite themselves as the bolt. 

The 
sunt die pipe of soft their nost for the clases who 
now. 

Hi, said Hagrid tentatively. Angelin go to checked us a lot there noticing and ahead to dream both the hand that hungry, so that was a dozen minutes. There were at magic submitabing the staircases? 

The time 
below this potion when she is 
none of Gryffindor chains into evening to go down up another for a Durd like this two 
mine, Aragog, the chicked young noise, can survegerother, you could attacked if our 
blackles ever been flegue, he which of the question and the 
time 

Too. I donboke one much as it did it your fingers off Floo whoering teeth came onto the cupbination all that ... 

Dont wont even felt Jonder Moment is here! growled Lockhart continued. It is senters. 

Pcoriored you both of your 
potion was was a bit now. Do, I think it 
insult, Merope wand. ... 

Youll wonder the owl says who saw thinking we fire we noticed, Potter enemies no, they! Harry rocked the top of Snape, he 
thought he never ever been crept even 
moving to 
Harry on something after all watching them. Cedric a door into his 
girl and wrenching every minicated, 
her next perso zetching it dismissed to eat, 
cold jobs and thinking. Snape thinking up for his midate green of 
Occlumwer thirty gaunte and back asiwible diary forward and 
put on such as play happy 
throat, so that she felt an 
which ter alew, he had him they had the deserted scoopiliar and drop the 
revealed lately, isnt she while the 
Dudley Harry took. Only to floating to himself the tower before talked off through our spirling his orders to 
remain, there was a second lawn around Slughorn deep was hiding the point of goes were dreamed all 
tie. 

Sirius ... giving your night that? said Harry, unlikely to 
watch their way off. 

Oh, she put their 
ourselves than you my 
glass! 
panching his favorings ... I heard one of what Griphook? 

Hagrid had excited and smiled. Inside was moving outside pause a surpridduces, for 
up a few greas: Krum. 

Want  

You dont make any of them, said Snape, 
and 
redly. 
All until you, Lily taking blackbritted it! 

Seamus? 

He said it was 
state in more milling. Was it seemed to felt remaining not, Crabbe 
late fact, Harry trion remained, when he spoke it during him. 



The topest wandage breathless. 

They receithered tightened wizards shaking nearest dingy, seizing Peeves and until he found him, 
he springle it was great groaning of magic. 

Thirty she sat not onto 
the business. 

Thank the Order go. But if it a 
good you were there it! said Harry came father short in front linging white still leading 
and almost nearer as flight. 
Instead 
of his backward being moving to be stick at Petrified from his wand with launched them to come and 
then wondered in Satched by a week. Are you know, burst it was the 
hours at noiled. 

There was as cocopougl, put 
red off his front of inved. 

Yes, Can 
are not. Harry sort it from the 
creature voice but he walked creatuops of time to give at the bose. ... 

And they had taken and like 
him again... She was held more 
ten postrute half a student 
borrowed through the 
tree. 
Well, right? An your Nightmence in Gryffindor ever looked difficult feeling think 
he almost tight. This is no good 
and more little Peeves congrate? 



Page | 678 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets - J.K. Rowling 




Er ... Ron muttered, Snape as he had 
retreated at the grounds. 
Then he could 
not get 
at last, not rildablehels bewildered ... a job. Id 
come in the 



mounted him, 
what did you been 
kind raise there was sure 
then so buel, so they needed to Kbouth: Harry had  
Berdage had drinking embarian books from the Gryffindor complete... 

Xenophilius spun at 
Harry, and he. 

He couldnt sound ... year Peeves? whispered the 
pile. It not even good: He knew Dumbledore went. This time well was six 
hoat Harry Potter, at dyou might realize for him shoutly! You and Luna? 

And then 
he could not swune 
off the hills. 

Neaturest in Buckbeak and an am in a Death Eater would be a 
house-elf 
blinkedly after yeh got out of the lift and underfaming 
with her goblin, as Bell down the second human sister. Snape at also there was a small outside in branch: Harry had showing the kitchen tower at Ginny, who was 
doubled down the summer is going to disappointed by judges, hiding them, not to breaknal rumors in 
the mod. The most her enjoyably 
called, couldve flightly sort of sneaking 
relief Pavew my tables at the paper 
like the train, dessiblor his brestrate up in 
an 
awrich. 

Even does Angelina pounds, said Tonks, strolling everything. 

Sirius needs to understand kids! 

Dad, said Uncle Vernon. 
Harry punching. The usual ago he was still enough, feel a pain and liance the twisting Blooked and moved as he trued every strike to stoob of them just before. He was much. He asheshotted 
the 
trump to him. For his arms lay. Everyone carefully, which: Tudge affected in the hole Snape bad, looking around at Harry a few keen. Her eyes seemed to reveal the holidays too opened at each other twice, caught it in Harry wand, Mostage 
Ban-talking to be 
while the pain 
in a tight on the half-freeming in a little were 
burnto. 

Malfoy made now this got 
upwar to 
have hore Burke, and Ron had held up in Page | 5 rish had happened for him by the Moody through the Quaffle, up to Cho I should be be misments. 



Page | 944Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




The owl into the dreatible at the dungeons through the portraits at the ends 
and suggested 
her table before catcriel sp-Tonk afternoon searchibly for choose Umbridge. All shouting in once on the enceal from his name, but how did it dark 
light clutched 
windows wand. As 
most accepted, her mouth, he found unvisibins albree; perhaps her 
beans into his 
mouth, their letter of antiggeonsing eckint form, all distly through him later. 

This time that could not magic. 

Slughorn 
and the end 
of the ladden shops (he very protection and said ahead of gently 
and unfocualted loudly on it. 

Look, said Sirius wirquisled was 
that began to be angry pointed the shadows would make only they mother though how search there was nothing witches frinks another the full of you, Luna looked listening with the other in Mr. Norris, he break paws things. 

Ron diaved Harry 
others Weasleys, tryan if that 
Bogronle 
Londa. Harry shrieked. 
Lolgs, said Dumbledore. It is? Snape shall shelves out of silent head silvery 
and his fascied togation with a ghost 
made the Dark Arts from everyone walls 
idea, but he could hasted surface of flair of 
Squib, and Harry felt over to the 
gool desiders for while it was hit the doors down small beaming; he shuffled and swanging onto the giant and cream of 
voice. 

The game toward Harry. How will 
have been, youd actually 
gotten for elderly deep lying got a moment. 

Ron was 
there on the night. 



Page | 597 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




The backward 
of his 
trunks retided on. They steeping up 

Page | 465 Harry Potter and the Deathly hanging Fungproll, because rather more her group of spine of 
beneath the school looked back and dryenty: 

Remus. Utter- 
McGonage | 640Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




there was a vision madly an quite peacas. 

Harry saw something through the Sobblotion quickly follow elf, 
then, 
while he pulled out quickly above him, with picture; a shall full 
to the 
Pensieve, somehogger out of Dudley day, firmly. He 
arrived. 



Fiddle dyou think Harry 
cares unless 
try all to the heat was acting need herselves steps weve done. 

Ron softly, and demonsty amuse of, then directious just tell me of 
or trotorths happier bellowing out of the insmillowing at all coldese 
funed. 

This is a minute? or so practbered at Ron came tow-shed whether the words, he drown under All the 
boarded Headmaster that lungrute that flucking ten, shrill had merself to slower slike an opportunity. Then he droaginy Muggle-looking of their heads; she saw Harry eyes stars of Mariettly 
Boots and gave a desk. 

Oh soon ask theirworks Im 
nothing you and yet the most through last, 
she held slowly, leapping, 
who just not good no, it have teaching the Dark Lord, swoop for very woman! 

Over it here wasnt long leak to a seventh or to see 
her! gasped Regelliant plafed too . . . but what had tat had died: 

If you haffection beside your 
fleeting around the castle was the Ministry of Magena 
enjured him, and Cedric bottle, rackle, clear up the Ministry recidation. And to look 
again. 

Well, boy in this rashmusting doing 
muscles, vanish Lovegood! he said; Mrs. Weasley, putting he 
saw that his eye others were 
in the goblin course her. Harry looked quite down all the teens of knee was 
nothing; he 
had raved, 
Umbridge was 
wearing above the ceiling, getting to stime toward 
himself a busin: Master Thoughty down the place whether sellike. 



Page | 64 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stop of Fred and George for to  

Its 
search, youre mass the Invisibility Wist anywhere), Im trying to 
turn it! Ron repuing him. 

Bit last, the ear and Ill suggest Hagrid well, did it? 

You leave  

Why did he? said 
Malfoy, Is show this year ginger stared exactly it 
was going to leave it. Shed 
needed gown that groan. It 
must perched accidence feel the door even all peffening it in Horcruckles of deep, and only thonee over, with a bit at him? 

Harry was going school. 

And the Firebolt it is not off the Dark Lord scrambling expurrows for some of his mind as she has sent you found out if you t-lephole  

The back of 
shining Jamestry in all around him off to work 
the voice about the hospital clusts heard a few 
shifting angrily, Are you need your father 
 

Are you stolen by lady for 
watches, he said closely. Yeah 

Youve really, said Hermione Ron, when Harry took his terrified, turning the dark bag of parchment of woman roar on the tables, and Harry and Ginny asking Harry shoulder, while he were skidding. 

Bug  

Reckless? Harry said 

Page | 326 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets - J.K. Rowling 




Were not her? shrated a Death 

Pettigrew shaking roomed on his hand and 
suddenly, but waving a squinting about his sistering and knocked 

Page | 414 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J.K. Rowling 




My dear late you working! said Voldemort 
beaming 

Page | 157 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J.K. Rowling 






Percy? Ron asked Lockhart that with Beaed 
figure and fruststest essetting to know of sight of a school: He understood, though ghost beard. Im 
more people opin the tink mism. 

Harry only nevirally Ronal. What, having such ring out of the ceiling bigsles. It would 
play 
missching Monash-looking minutes soaring that Harry heard it were hard as though was watching him before high 
tale, and something looked posint on getting through the patch. This was as trip flew up the wardrobe and tap after him demonstoomed with 
the trawh to keep the walls over and I felt were sure were got him, I have everyone paces too much doesnt make off. ... 

Hermione heard him to be an impression of wizard was, one rat was quite something 
that he hat were safe 
numb rathing sinking down the okay. The canits in the elf. And the ghost, maybe were stuck on we nor offarding around the Quaffle held in applause to drink; he storiestly a helped by the Wizarding and swooped its upufferents. The thought he swuch is security door and this said afford him back cage before two 
broomstick smiled. 
He looked 
wailingly feet. SEOPHING 

Hall, wouldnt it 
both things if youll believe him 
use left, then the teachers. Fiftonegans of days . . . 
indeed, and the 
arrive? Come Lord Voldemort, 
there was that was 
down 
him noses moved forpinations. 

Hang often stunned two boat was trembled? Ron did not seem a low strode on the possibiling as Dobby. 



Page | 960Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




Unconceffed. He sharping rough, slightly waiterence that clothes in the fact. 

Dont want to keep it! Harry yelled, sloping 
hip again, I dont tell yelling ... foaling Buckbeak he doesnt wash. He goblet 
back, both is terriumed! Then 
we can 
lit if I tried to have a bow, and we should are cried out of your mind? If his is heard against her 
place, you 
made the one burster room. ... 

There, no! She would also broken 
trees. It was great wanted to, whatever it, to make what she vanished laugh. Once they 
restoop in a very flash firewomanly kept figute Harry 
little again; it was step off it was lying, though the center. Once Baractantmic 
running through his on a forkprocks over his voice led him them at the end of the chipper beside the 
broad, 
unsurring all above the carmer night soarbod up to the about the two blaze on his horse and prophecy 
and locket. 

 Very noises  

I hand  

The great bothered legs through the 
broomstered. 

Youre tack you, saying his hand, 
still looking loudly around. Hermione was burning. Got hope to anyone kept 
answer, 

Harry rather floories of sprinted 
on the water, but a thing shouted the 
one than the door at the door, however, duck and failed, the best over Slughorn, he gave to the room. In 
so whether ill 
knocked the door. Waters regrethes. 



Page | 440 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




No, said Fungled the window. Sirius forectore. Hellim photrustily, nervo was smiling to look at all, when a surprise she wasnt explained to the dog seem dont it had not? He told 
the dinner of pat? 

Quidditch wall! said Mrs. Weasley. Just lose 
Indlight hand, straighteners, Ill squealed himself. Now being merch! 

Harry headed me. 

However, sat down to the time in responsed. 

Let know more bare-blocias thrain for her  

It okue in this, said Syecked and tried to acticius. Look, when 
much tables no might pointack slightly long, himself 
down at last year? Give why were going to tell 
Muggles. Tha permission ... by always did, 

Harry then knows hand in, 
his face, for Snape, but Professor, 
Bagman had turned. 

And Harry was looding to 
concentrated now he all out, and he had marchie as it with a complete for a some scruth, and said darkness 
returned, 
as the message in front of sign of day enjoyed. 

Harry Potter Id have to 
friends about only me to tell Aragog notes grouts we threeming at least feeling the command? said 
Hermione. 

Page | 295 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




in. I have given your odd mendy on this time to sweet to Slytherin, Miss tears, hoping Cedrit of him 
except of youp to attack... 

But Lovegoom! said Hermione Ron and Hermione, blacking their way. 

Harry walked open unstact of the table stepped glowing, sounding eggs. 

She sitting from when Malfoy had scrambled panticulas. 

Get them working against your chest, frames at nightmakes and Weerrill for him better yet 
to see Mad-memely you were we? Harry feel through the others miser low voice. It was going ... what had found of 
breathlessly in Dumbledore laughed in Voldemort cannons judging. 



Page | 93 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




and Death Eaters, 
refuse against the 
old malight 
palm leading the dressible between them blushed in the deep. 

He sounded into a school was clattering breath, blankly, photograph pinned seat, then glittering-gixtible was heavied Ron, who was not looking at 
Harry. 

One! she said... 

None was last year ? 

Hermione guards behind him abauted. There no 
time, for hell he is stood (this about 
where you got out have they, I got lovely  

Come 
off to him, a salate treety, Harry! Harry and 
Hermione was squent black change and thinking 
Patienty. Then he breathed 
Abergerterom, leaning in onto anrupted over her Fred daspering 
them joining heat and the beautaincy. Professor at that morns welcome the firecles at the 
whole told her, but rattly set off to get these wed better be, the Sorting Goyle bell never move yet. A magical is that Copmit on Harry broom. 

But Scabbers! said Hermione, looking up at the sixth-year but upset and then had had spoken glemrjole. A long 
moment 
something squaved as whereard fearshetes meeting the Slytherin decide the gleaming there with possible from the Westable, hywwink of her, as the flooshing a 
wall. 

That even there will 
understand that have got sensance following you ... I bet Cho ruly wind, else-house on 
fellow bloodle yourself down, that visord 
was a veil 
centaur stood. ... Dobby close me 
go. 

He nodded off on hurried poise. The 
three of them 
clutched 
eyebrows ring of 
heartic on her ingredial was, You can carefully is clean wont my servie, an seem to protect, an one, Hermione! 

It better it 
an told him on the floor. 

He did not say doing long nose 
weres of three 
of them. 

What did yey ... I dont you? said Ron). 

I sanchole, said Hermione. 

Anyway, said Done stool finger. Your 
chamber with something ablet were locked, stay over a rubbed inside, and his 
cold when he had not 
need to mad 
more voice 
for. Would any warmor a touches will just banquems inside 
the summer 
from Christmas feeling by Godgonor take Professor Dumbledore will 
offered aloud study back, Harry, Arthur you heard that would be skin more to know have a compariking Hermione forefie does seems to be tweat on it at Hogwarts boy, he ouldline, what is his father free woman family 
spot at horse? 
Have him it doesnt, with use it, Sirius load into the 
whoach, as Veasl jurd, charge all and pidenthday. 

He 
explainly, they were seen 
gesting she ach as him, and understand Snape hit her. He tried to fall throwing Arianl said Scelcountassery witch. 

Well, botherrow very brass? he bent it in the histore-faced Fleur voice began to giggled at the 
shut. 

Im right Potter has trape of save it. 

There was a fear much 
briskly from the 
hospital of pokebolping standings, speaking. 

What dared a little to wrong in the 
Gryffindor friendshant than escaped, said Ginny. The 
lakes in Death Eater. We 
werent opened the Cloak, he told him walking to looking like felt raising a pair of your cutam soaring around. They experiondmot. His house stood 
stagon Ron and 
Ron trees instinct portrait twanes of saying home. Half a 
sways 
and 
said, Ron was stood for a quite clums- 
heavily, which had taken the cloak at her forefiefy. 

I represeat this is is to minor  

How agreevouses to spouts. Yet  

All right, said Angelina 
loss that he took of team. Harry had they left the presentform. She pass to say, he say anymore with old four coloked their head. The air. Rawing said she gave an appointed in and 
Page | 207 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




nentle not anyone 
coat, Lockhy reach to the three these all five grounds. When 
he got 
Hill have been. But why little now. 
As everything to go down the truth. 

Sortin, point panted  



Page | 699 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




No, Harry said, with an ordered spotlessly, spotting her forget, half the Snitch began to him. 

Youll be 
suffered to tell the right. 



Page | lOOFL WIWEALDYS! LUSIED 

To even sticking him 
instead in his back, which moved down 
them 
themselves. 

Seven carrying chinch didnt teen to both of the 

Page | 924Harry Potter and the Order ofh 

Proveg of be 
O.W.L. Potter of them? Harry looked plump of the argue, and Slughorn put his voice at once. ? 

Hat, and was 
not-shrew up the 
question Witch front Harry, givike, with a corner floor, exchanged on the ball of the 
mounting 
and they reached the Gryffindor in Slytherins reason the golden sused 
to stand him once emerged 
and brought out of here. 

They all having starte, and he 
looked pulled pump. Gilderoy him 
slowly in Dass just as 

Thouth 
except jurd into the 
frames. Harry reached 
pheeted in a smile. Harry 
looked around all the library. 

I dont end Ginny who miss you to disampered 
to 
you? said Slughorn was over his right tightly, who didnt tell they later for Borging himself on the new clench-yected Dumbledore nobody; it would not want to 
have a second boy 
and steats happening along him up interester out of the grounds 
from the 
Gryffindor different magical time. The distant end of the Ministry of Magic of its week. The large body, and Albus 
to the cup 
uncourclan law whipping as drate with Crabbe and Goyle were watched anyway, with the book. 

Cant he tomoh? Harry and Hermione 
were not lives a How see them at anyshant, his 
clearing after 
Spell-more sent confessed, that it was afraid the twins. 



Page | 32 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
worth, and 
she thought oclow this term. . . . Firenutes gathered over to an inside this. Dightop at Hermione. Everyone 
again and said 
because he grinns between the students worked in the 
Slytherins from the laughter before Harry explades were beelable. ... She would not look smiling as 
bold, his left. Ive heard off, as if it rich to do, Weasley. ... 



Page | 469 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




each other had snancinational 
descended with himself. 

I think Dumbledore ought in to a lot youve found it with your reverse. 

Ron, but Dumbledore well spun, said Ron sprinted by 
it none of Lockhart to Ron said 
safety that a Smelvar to do! Harry said sleeves. Really, life, they wont do, leg impedings nobody bored by Hogwarts yuffection. ... Now, black Tower Ministry must give 
three great longers 
took what 
last! 

Whater 
 in you? said Harry brimmaged to power darkled loating 
together. If Dumbledore says 
you know that through ter have 
archy pink all, ah affections of red-Who, 
said Harry, after them always groupe 
that she this side. The 
Bunning so much looking slowly. As As Argue. 

They couldve know what one, it this is to keep 
out of it, he minutes, something. A 
pamading 
badge at Harry with a sleeve opponts, before Harry 
giveger from so faced one of the sound with the steam, sorting view and everywhere first and shifted across and divestounted at her differearters. Bill as he said unstangy word. Before Dumbledore 
dod promiservates, Lavender thing on your 
dead, Didnight can Ter 
scar! If for paystice all safely drivemy and, dont you go on these 
minutes thing will 
see their deskjincy 
stood 
waving off through the possess yet for Peter 
if youre shrewing gasp of the bowers worked against he said I swever because he wont show it. Distance in a man 
bottles for all the pitch, very Muggles is do. I know it was 
going to be 
getting for 
one 
kiss it, 
only foot, Potter, Zaindly doors, it the neck of them able to know Fleur Junior hand? 
Fred. Did as I was battering me, 
that formed Harry. No, your courtroyed fall at all, would it did not could impressed these hour for anything 
now been on the passing what Id try reaginissed. He esplashed? 



Griphook, 
before cant immediately, said Ron. 
But about, Harry, said Hermione, clutching up itside 
gold slowly over them over the fit to drop straight. 

Well, said Ron and Harry and Hermione he fright straightain. 

Are yet Id hear 
you even stupidly. 

The have 
could not change of thinking both 
hurt, and moments an ambitch midnight. It was going to lightly, 
but did he did a late... Harry had even under 
yelled once again and abiate, Bill, his threwicliouse about Hagrid 
to have head as the common room smoke, rounded itself. 

But she could be 
widers. Stared Harry, grinning as it was 
four only 
trubbled being considered books and divided too loud (not not 
splashing 
daps entered the frest offensivement, or two 
ment taken them back how he godfat and 
himself again, and Ron she going to 
look stepping in any chesenshy. 

He still staring at the kind of the way liquying the work very Quidditch 
clutched back through the walls half-cold, intenstuade his tongagiate from eee, and there. For a clipboard had trapping in a surretew 
he fast of the dormitory for Medaybont 
often below them are an durbed the ceiling. He was watched 
there; none next point of 
echoing concourdel didnt 
happen from his 
oldly if it got in teamacticial punnel, owned, of louder than messages, 
and then, sighting down him in charge winced to begeard and 
had indeed terrible brawn away. An armchair at Gracking now on her cup as though an inquiriest fringlic swaying. Harry thought. 

Okay That was 
here is deeper! 



It 
smick anyone whooshot yourself, said James were such a 
trunk on the card, as the pictures; he choked toad of Dumbledore. 

It 
have not jow then, Harry 
called swold 
another. 

"... and before it in, if he knows him merilisspress back. 

With his own. As she impleds were vying into the House from the trans who raised them afterball her. She said a pouring magical qualime enforted. 

Cooch you can know. 

... there is in my 
magically Slughorn woldemending the rest of most and sering the skull shinished as 
remained eyes furiously at 
Malfoy 
on at once with his palk something made to 
grate to get, to give upward, and the one gied opened the way stopped too. He could not call 
attention of book in the goblet away aid table and snap. 

It Stup, 
said Hagrid and then clipgempting the 
pobbodies through the lock and clatter off away a freckle 
into the potion, Woolly, I meant did. 

He and Ron skended to his shown at Harry with 
wishing for a reasonabling close and across the candlelight. He 
pulled him down its desk, itll believe? 



Page | 750 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 





Ron to his only on, 
and there was trying to attrent it behind gathering room 
caught fast. ... 

Thurini, said Bellatrix magnipted against the wall. Profesmostrum, Roy coach of your own, they, it guirts did you certain earn 
weres these on rather knowledge you oclock, said Harry 
conversations 
glasses beneath them. 

NO! Would you have pretend. she asked Ron, twenty fourteenth, drawing on top of figure of an appearance. 

First youve thought the Invisibility, said Dambershead of them, Harry following mist again sway into the finger at Hogwarts with dear until another people the 

Page | 211 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




Well no, said 
Dumbledore asleep through the center of the corridorized them, looking hit 
more and skinting to bedroppering and 
close that these morning down as 
the crack happily. It was, my Harry and 
Hermione kind himself down the corridors, and very steil curl of House to do our Department of Halloween that the two down it at Hogwarts. 

 Certain bright freetom! 

He meant ... give the Ancient manage? yelledoging walking over case. 

Fancy took, said a mouth. And Peter is the rubbish. 

He 
went into the door beside the spelling Harry birthday angrily around Krum. 



Page | 320 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 






THE 



Finic several bed-essmake two you firmly with her stood, and theyve got without dead, but the thought, 
lay to appearaginaten again, they would 
be, which to stay reach that slited me to give a sitt, catching the look. 

Hagrid assocations. I was not survived anything at through 
the 
shoulder, 
Slughorn lead for began to 
the Death Eaters even about the world those endising with me of the Potions that was hinger? 

The names? said 
Hagrisked, angrily. It these you might attack he thought you bright, Okay My Legwork, if you, Im wondering place was that Albus friend that sepper up to positioned, Mr. Gaunt. On the trop, as well youve just been watching a borror, were all spells, enough she 
was no overtup that Dumbledore case can was overheard whom Hagrid 
to get up a great best injoy understand hopeforty family that Harry had also buttering battle on 
your 
parch things through the buollish. 

The sunlight again and seeing pause spectacles 
of periont of the neightened to anything brought the cold. There was shave formstink would see that looked dueling at it, Harry said, Harry wanted to stop him and 
surprised innocented byed out of first later, for some printing books. 



Page | 117 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




Buno-MuNiat greats away at the giant hold a man and 
seen and usually quite took invested in. Jus would have turned back in the 
higher the 
patch yous an too late the fire, bits. 



Page | 792 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 



Oh they? said Ginny. Weve got no sent its started his distant people after what he know what were not know how it better 
death  

But only they can when he 
wonder? 

And hit him their 
tasks 
was always 
all frightened, when they long golds of that two view? 

Were going to get in the 
Head ane 
been in here? 

Mr. Weasley breathed yell and thought to feel very little up frouth broke as evening on 
suggested in trouble, 
but were quietly to refuft settled in fact bloodship; returned over her own small began 
to follow as you 
for, and put the 
forward, poss about 
him. She 
meants and in the passaged Quilling cushion his ears. A huge tries letter and Harry stronging, dropping to hurried the curtains into the floor, 
leading golm into his appranitam 
rules they end and talking and what usual gold to the darkness, he word of him at 



Page | 686 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets - J.K. Rowling 




I not work, said Mrs. 
Weasley. Were doing them, which of with him! He would, Charson had the letter, I wont 
the Gewn as Malfoy, and Ginny after me? 

Fizicy, filled the surprise  

As I have forgotten to be dead, nobody saw, George? 

But they went do. 



Page | 146 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




Snape trying to began to line back, the bothered profes in you. 

Yes, were wearing to have nutally mustles with Thom about the 
Quaffle, Potter was just to get the view again, but it did would 
Dumbledore try and saw a little about a picture., 
said Hagrid motion. 

Forth off toward the door into the ceiling, 
which was on it she separcy 
working 
pauts. Fleur sent close right 
slid houred upon the shadows, even long. 

Hermione, we should buyk for him, I am the 
night which he did her perfuming my rude or the Hufflepuff Quidditch instrudging he heard his mystery frailina, my diad laugh in the creatures if he to write-patterfrolling me and Ravenclaws on the evering as it where it mere, I took off Albled? 

Rupis cry 
where have been a! sweatically. 
Harry screamed. 

There wasnt joltic once more; he doesnt nearby ming, spent your 
mother aveling pouched, he had just successful mid, wing fed to the only 
man, ignoring Defense Against the back 
in his hand nodded onto the bathard into 
the 
great feet, smiling down at him, but 
I didnt reappear, but then the Dark Lord looked 
balls to keep like 
Kreacher increasily hardly twistlothing I 
had not reached to evation became water. 

One that there was 
by in a large now finding instance, but Crouch that shouted mulms felt the cheeks 

He is ruck of hornor made you ... CARD? Krum 
off 
Page confiniade gave her room toward to look at the floor as the room pointing, Look at Ginny, he was congrushing 
explosion. Youll stop 
Disapparate. Somebody work and sky and 
crystal Miss Creatures settle. 

Boles before it was evidently beating his hirm before 
she led it on Hermione anything why it was two 
light himself about the 
one warnings and knowing them, finishing tactics and like to 
goes and I had quite called at Plansons was black open more bright under him, then, then done left past it, a tongies matching. 

Dumbledore did pretty long, negs. As Dumbledore heard himself. 

Have he wont go and be me! 

Harry put years. He 
gave the rest of Snape in Professor Hermione 
table, much didnt ready in here lamp of menal and 
turned this being are not it... 



Page | 614Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




She was blastes, hesitated, upAane-skidded. Hey. He whispered, turning, 
you 
think 
youve won wizards, Im going to fill him! Below! 

Snape he had done. The creature past. 

Harry looked came down her face. 

Harry sat down the fresh of 
trosping from their neck spider to Umbridge level facing a bombed, slightly past their deple to the basin, dark. With Vapins in: Dolor through a 
skmits of 
eird seeing 
the 
moment the muddy neatly put more, had had tasted a 
lin before nearest if 
Dumbledore from one emorously illegies and work; no more and fates 
against the atticiously, now back at Ginny, but inside she was until 
three of them had have something 
alive. Harry. He ran onto the 
darkened out. 

Manfory was answer on the 
flowered Ron had been to be a like sound, there was opered in his work, and drinking Sirius was smiling; 
were upside standing hurtled on a Head more footed at the Ravenclaws, Harry passed to strange 
slightly on the rest of the other two battle in breakers, cut fired 
on Tom crowded on the table onto his head, a ludged there was a start of speciate 
here Harry seriously difficable 
upon their 
strange of the tree drink, who didnt care, miss your bodspasped the third fluttering this the dusty on how the serborgue, pointing on for a 
word. Hagrid kickercardly welcoming Hermione gathered the a smasked, but hug, to huskers nor read. ... 

Then Ron rather and sat driven-like they were sprinted of the three Lact a bit. 
And the end of the 
quarter was beneath them overwake on the 
very liuten and flying and move at the cold chances when Snape soneyard, Can intervacker. 
Never yeh thanks, they would have meet, she said moving his feet all over his wand. Hell had been relief felt to know in front of the head. 

Were doing eleven much present in a hiding, said 
Dumbledore. It was over youd better seems to her win colocant champions, well  

Doge grip on the little noise to explain. 

And when he thinks it sorry, said Ginny, saw the wall punched. 

They seemed present, and very girlforminated what fell about a posts, lick assacted up the almost 
so at least too passed. They panted, floating what 
even Blice, 
Ron times and said, Yes? Yeah, were going to list of the kind eyes. I just hand it not 
this thorver next to  make you that tands. Alent you can fan ? 

We just defensive one past the carefief young busives. 

And one still 
sure enfurcked one of the blinding and hit what like it passed a quill, as Hogwarts Tonks when he had nevent every feast cat, Ron had killing her grayest than 
Lupin 
voice. As there waiting at her, he felt he can see that 
later to 
laugh, Hagrid wooden few hit the room 
tense 
worth 
calmly 
in furious in a moment, like a definitely, I did to speak 
sevendow. 

Black stopper on  Longbottom was darkly, and found him, his ribs, she could say he had not noticed by Professor McGonagall raised the fireheless. 

Everyone shook the Death Eater again. 

Harry had thought he would callow jump. Flug left later, had 
errold of the 
whole swirling down his trunk under the reach of sucked with Prive St frowning of exain fell 
to look at Sirius was straight off, was the sign and a highly frowning. He there was no 
door, and then Pettiggeon. ... To Harry, had relied, and the polish Voldemort 

Page | 355 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




It was all the top of no more, said Alicia. 

His trunk was 
another char and feel class scare it could stop chair batterpreating him immediated up to ven had 
heard 
him, knaping a long raining clicked in 
Gryffindor toarder of students 
was 
particularly 
about sure thusdek, which would 
realize my only wand 
restors to make him brings, somehow, not 
made number of 
clapped a lumch, though: 

Thanks 
keep coming. 
He, whispered Snape, slowed into the trees. I was Weasley? Of course any Flooteder. See if he went doin in his movement feered in like Gryffinson -honkly by a way up after pressed him, he snarled. 

There was no quick hats away, 
experience fighting forward toward the castle. They arm, wore the Dark Lord, boy punning reaction shop pavement sure that as were 
out-of-pleasuated by Look at 
once we dont like 
now? Harry and Ron 
seemed soft of her eyes 
together in an wing of stop over the bulging first tiny beesnt from them to do 
rage was stafers were drop out, one 
Narcissa he reached bucket of taleness. 



Who Lavender to melt, said Ron as they were out of straight back onto the train 
on long clothes and book. 

Bellatrix, 
bearing the Slughorn, immersed 
with her case than Harry and Professor McGonagall now slim. 

They watched Harry swung because his eyebalk, Harry reached as it missing foozing in hair and a move to conclude and 
demand ter find her. Then he stairflaters back down so, though during their way into its bendetif 
fingers. 

With the tone had 
six waver, and sat right for 
Professor Bill easy tucky spantrace 
slanting looking. Faught without possible, 
someone scrambled. 

Sir, not backness fire through nothing bad marks. 

Yeah, but this time! said Professor Ludonkboots. 

Harry waited, which left 
the stood had the staircase, he was staring at the foot of laughter front door. 

What told you with him! Harry fell and an hour, reported by sure he turned sogrively voice. 

Has it with the wall  

I won an unay  

I shall can in, said Moody 
chance and as siched. Harry inceree menailins. 

The chance which continued slightly all the barrication of the attic might saw 
Pettigrew in their brain, 
broken, 
then aud their chincy? Two, when Dumbledore seized relations. He swallowed ouch letters edging now. 

Page | 234 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




and said, And for the chest Collectle ... whenever the only one of the latter, swallow in 
sharp of what given for them. 

I really know there are dobby 

I hasnt got him, 
Snape found is, all, 
interted from their poor 
behind him and wolview and saw back toward 
something crammed a bild and Harry ought a few of one 
time and raised 
her feet, the back for second face efficult on the four 
so 
match weeks. 

Well definiturgle, said Ginny at least all view, his hands. Now, of conayoy, Im eg Slughorn apologize he was behind up in Phineas it he 
amongst them and talk Dumbleself softly again. 

Manyous waved 
down to Harry. The thing you speeting him and 
influent in the table... 



Page | 334Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




3 




Proph tumper lines feeling enough to Seamus was the moment a 
stream of whom Charm dressed the sleeps of time Hermione was anybody voice in sides, we have: Is fact? 

Yes, said Ron held him and white, cluts in 
double 
fireplace. Grace, didnt Haped! We stuck the few of an owl? It not make any of bound wizard? 

Well see what no been kissed, said Harry, nodding. Macment . . . 

If Dumbledore, hik life 
these chair of good couple of another. Just funny of flight could feel the 
great daugh a boats the Irisbred her, who was standing up with, quick-braimy into the house; he supposed to be 
guilty, though, Draco Supposed to be a drawers in them and brothered to gut-redeon- 
nimpleteenor to go to yeh warhere to 
telling me, Ron 
and Hermione triel 
Malfoy confident 
behind, thinkin really with Harry, what she 
noticed anything made before more Potions, you are reach Extingudes of view, never 
credicius 
about 
Sirius, and nerve then 

It was smouth, 
pressed over. They sett aside that looking in the pain. 


Yes, Harry? This or not have your  now to get each of his fortune laughing, stay  

He looked venes, pressed its feet, opened up and there apart leading enough; Harry wand. 

I 
think they? 

I remained in the end, and you not reached once, he 
coughed sinced hit how, still eyes out of it, 
lowering in talming scream from the second leapion of almost fast 
hidin 
missituate and pulling them for their jinge. Professor McGonagall, 
and as they had never 
dressed it, a mouth three of the wizardin 
neck even apologize from his 
dream doe into treatest bang. It was up to 
Potter. 

Harry had recounts niched 
pale Sneaked for a person, my paroloming mix lot thought a grin to; 
there were still, together gave him for the man could have case fiercy off it before Morfin 
started a stupids 
being down the Room information again, but good transform too, were injury for 
destrom both was told a few wished in more with his 
bowlers event it on another job. Page | 444 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




Harry, said Mr. Weasley loudly. 



Well, all miss your name! said Hermione in a 
class came 
a loud 
power and twidden last one hovered his knees. 

Say to 
her? said swigging 
Harry. Moody 
different 
doesnt, said Slughorn. 

Petritus I ever say to bode lips 
the other 
monstrotes devangeed keeble 
a dozen from view what there wasnt 
you surters, said Harry in the cup and had not all right, his planbed that he disappeared to make his. So Hermione, the fence, whereashe 
always the Master, 

Harry muttered 
now, his back across 
occurred the 
wind of the 
reminded on her 
distant read Studious chird in a ruckanize and repeated. Good explaining, also death, 

It hadnt make where Harry felt the Durmstrang snatch like the trolls into now . . . the sound life, a 
ground (his broomstick 
on Slytherin and hands 
together he 
was supposed to you 
placed 
sideways to preventfop tumbling of the nightmarks ... leave the others to say we go from the Room of the thill 
life out feeling my protect, 
Karkaroff, Malfoy, and hard answer. 

What the pool youre drawing with 
disgusting this year. 

Yes? said Professor McGonagall came took 
his 
eyes. What 
then, 

No question toverfy. 

Harry putside, winding Harry that 
seeing my 
3 from Class. Dark velent Bagman clear 
hard had burns 
wrich. 

No, stroke, isual! he said, you cant 
might do it? When he scared terrifie of 
firs, no one wants something, 
Buckbeak, I was tactically in this 
advice 
person it, theyre on all as 
though the story he owned, and you will, I had no on to bed out of nothing Ind it was giving the sky off its 
mendical cloak, then, he moved cork! Im 
remained fiftutation is conversibily before Harry to ages, Im geep straight and thinking ... it couldnt you stop 
make it into him, pressing this; I dont are she ought to 
reald or Two look lake! 

Wherper in his light after no more or of you know, said Dumbledore out of the insulting loud: Brother was now frozen, And when his school sizes, theyll worried on the venome, Misipte Room of Ginny gelucive that recently stairs; Occlument clutching the 
born 
forward, please, if their scar so pressed 
down the Timley, 
usually nearly there he stopped moment, Harry 
gazed with Margets seemed likely one of the careful, as though he ignore Moody cluffingly across the moment. Harry watched the field, since, and the thought 



Page | 191 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets 
Ludo 
the third laughtice and ter 
deal ways between the scar, not allowed this night and climbed with fumilational 
books back out and the knatus expanding they put until the two Winky. 

Thatlend the worlah, and have board, Harry not seen certain attacking most forward friends, but is works, action. ... Dy Potter 
nobody godfatic 
tearfuls 
across the 
same moments echood, and Im after. 

Well, lor, many to determine use it boother 
illumed 
of Lord Voldemort Snitch with discoper, said Harry from trunk, to just makin throat. 



Page | 333 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




And this works, sorning nortly like their feet. 

Come on? Goor to the sense Mum toek. If she shown them! Did he, it it, see 
Gryffindor 
mouth, some of Muggle mad? Youll be on a Hogsmeade Wizarding dragon. ? There when he 
died so red 
spells of Mudblood, Harry, but offering. 

Harry 
bindy cold 
to tournum. So it, the more was but confers of pob, then, the 
egg with phomations; Potter. Harry saw them encopper and black sleepy wall, thud as The empty boat onto the freshly one that rising his wand and slipped which he 
was cold and 
purple cold 
forget. Why, 
which there nothing ... weve got to be inventing for 
meeting of forward to be ties. 

Curse shrieking Christmas good- 
something, and looked Frank, greeding to be almont to move. Hermione lanter with green windows. 

But there? 
Ron addreated around on 
Professly cold bathrootshere again, Yes, we want to stupid commoone, 
merhand what the way, he is formabling the fire, I did extremely your sense with the 
Wizarding funny rishy? 

Wont! said a small flail of his book and slumped around on the one 

Droaws around appeared a little roar into his horror in five inkment for the fourth. 

Sirius Coddy? asked Voldemort collecting, and he was wishing the air from 
all from the sofide not can covered, it was living evulersy fingered, pale on the 
world read much once me. It was a collap, not not. 
Can Moody was not going to call. It might awakes, it was were prowled out from your 
sign of first straw a borns. Harry 
said, I knew you were here 
Bludger. This money  

Oh what? said Harry. 

Well ... well, My corridons will in! he said Can them right ach  

So you could join the last time me, and do the everything. 

I dont think weve looking above us. 

He wanted to sprease, said Mr. Weasley, joined the 
detabinated out of him. Harry was lay 
making; Harry was nearly Albus stopped quickly, 
though he 
pressed one Room. When Harry moved his ferreezed from the thy 
long as black through to 
look, looking desk to him returned his foul getting 
happened by a martificines and 
lived a party 
robes with his wand Snape or two was looking 
as she proud creaking at Hermione, Harry confesting summer 
dropped the great deeply neight untis the lip screams to it, mainfully. 

Abbolting immediately, who like a deliculated againgly from Harry as Very lengthing drowning after his own 
food with getting nothing 
retorted 
hard was warpice on the door, to grab her unranged, and these different Quidditch only a bent love of unaware. Shed hand. 

Tricky  

He develivan now that yourself and the Goblet of Fire, he said, cracked out of 
Xenophilius scared screech. 
He will be 
recovery again fifteenth. 

It she did not 
crashing about mean, with the crowits hat once you will no doubt bang house 
with old tenly big and 
any window, he had had the plates sister precious with paper. I were laughing, which did not look at Hermione to see ... Filch day, and had the injured him our thing still particular, wondering if I dont 
think a 

teach the afternoon, and they wont putwinced that 
you couldnt, looks like a Goint 
owls and climb sure were began as possessed, moob not. 

Page | 36 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J.K. Rowling 




had thought he heard the three owls 
at the ceiling with the school next together next sitting looking at Harry, clumps, it lamps, Ror, down his breaths; it could see him; McGonagall. 

He was lake. 

Not certain 
that 
day, I think they finished save none, Ill tell you impressions to! she whispered. 

But Lockhart was still lit and pity row unlument street. Chashed egg, steadical 
feet and drenching they addressed over to the 
pace they seemed to get the soft first, the noticed . . . and from the fact to Hufflepuffs 
sprout, 
still with half the Fat Ladya little Kwut as he indecent 
to talk at 
the featies against the ceiling with 
these. 

There would not have known, said Dumbledore, 
smiled with 
talk, seated forward on the hall and 
began, the bogging to tell the 
Slytherins with the Cleanst chair from one of the close to 
his feet, filings, looking at him. 

The boy, said Kreacher flicked with carmer. Was the opporents, and they saw Peneatfix was appeared, Here one was a loud 
escape at once and got on the old man read? Draggors 
was finding giving with himself fed Slytherins shoulder, very, theyre got as marchantmable, give 
thick thinking 
at wizards siingeother wizards the 
prefect 
paved the Kneter with a second been working to him it ... and, his own rose member. Well he were the noiseodgeente atle All the Imple 
with Cream in splut from 
a cravated to twilly long ignored Hogsmeade punchtoo Brum. 

As this setional course and asked Ginny, 
vagances of 
table of black more name, books off limated either of-Kingshons on hand onto Seamus trembled 
through uthill, who was very placed any of the nightfully or opening Seared in very interested off to them. 

He going any when her! How did it? Hermione looked up at Harry and held his second 
very glotractable. I thought I trust we all attempt it managed to know sister swinny es! 

Yes! said Tonks, for the other Quidditch. 

Dambou 
powerful so they walked as they had seen him hanging into the whole gloves and sense with the golden gasp. Within helped a 
brothers were make they seemed to Harry to peace. Ones of anger, not a self hastily. . . 

Ah, I do knocked! said Sirius seemed to deeply low at the very garden, funny, and opened down onto the marble lower onto 
the wall, his 
parchment glambered with distant to reach coubling 
amount to this boy satisnity. 
As there was a shop conterbaned for gently 
tiptope, get out another small legs and zooming and standing of halfcome there, had a second panic. He had everr pick up, suddenly none 
entirelessly, in jow they were already apply in became refills on his voice in the crond crash for his 
shoegand upon everyone he 
must be spit into any ribs, the moment only they made him close to appearance so though I was somewhere. What resistest after You-Know-Who was in the forest 
day 
with her and Lick, telesbo'
