 www.textfiles.com/humour/TAGLINES
 Eat a live frog, every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you all
 day.
 A fly by night leaves no shadow beyond a doubt.
 I'll smoke when the pope's wife takes the pill.
 Beauty times brains equals a constant.
 Nostalgia just isn't what it used to be. --Herb Caen
 How much does it cost to ride an IO bus?
 2 Bits.
 Designed with your mind in mind by people who have in mind what you
 should have in mind.
 "That we can comprehend the little we know already is mindboggling
 in itself." -- Tom Gates
 Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
 Hell hath no fury like a woman beaten out of a million dollars.
 When the only tool you have is a hammer, it is tempting to treat
 everything as if it were a nail.
 Don't try to have the last word.  You might get it.
 A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
 "We are getting into semantics again.  If we use words, there is a
 very grave danger they will be misinterpreted."
         -- H. R. Haldeman, testifying in his own defense.
 Person who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
 Long computations which yield 0 (zero) are probably all for naught.
 Person who arrives at party two hours late will probably find he has
 been beaten to the punch.
 When Snow White turns on with the dwarfs she probably winds up
 feeling dopey.
 President Ford has noted that there are too many economic pundits
 and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
 Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
 Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
 He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.
 There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
 He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
 There is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
 With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time
 they make a law it's a joke.
 A radical is a person with both feet firmly planted in the air.
 How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
 What is my loftiest ambition?  I've always wanted to throw an egg at
 an electric fan.
 Conversation is the slowest form of human communication.
 Lady A: Mr. C, you are quite drunk.
 Mr. C.: And you are very ugly, but indisputably in the morning I will be
         quite sober.
 Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
 Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
 A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one
 part of his body - the wishbone.
 A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another
 woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
 There is one thing more exasperating than a spouse who can cook and
 won't, and that's a spouse who can't cook and will.
 The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
 Sex is nature's way of saying Hi!'.
 Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.
 Biggest security gap - an open mouth.
 Regnant populi. (The people rule.)
 Pregnant ropuli. (The snake will soon lay eggs.)
 Ditat Deus. (God enriches.)
 Post proelium, praemium. (After the battle, the reward.)
 Facta, non verba.
 Sum quod eris. (I am what you will be.)
 Auribus teneo lupum. (I hold a wolf by the ears.)
 Vigilia pretium libertatis.  (Eternal vigilance is the price of
 liberty.)
 Populus vult decipi. (The people like to be deceived.)
 Fidelity: A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
 Forgetfulness: A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation
 for their destitution of conscience.
 The good die young - because they see it's no use living if you've
 got to be good.
 The thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most
 amount of trouble is sex.
 Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
 It took me fifteen  years to discover I  had no talent for  writing,
 but I couldln't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
 Acquaintance: a person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but
 not well enough to lend to.
 The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating
 people to approach printed matter with distrust.
 The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible
 worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true.
 In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of
 the enemy.
 He looked at me as if I was a side dish he hadn't ordered.
 It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
 He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
 The plural of spouse is spice.
 There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
 Friends: people who borrow my books and set wet glasses on them.
 A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods
 while the policeman searches you.
 My notion of a wife at forty is that a man should be able to change
 her, like a bank note, for two twenties.
 Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
 "When a man says he had pleasure with a woman he does not mean
 conversation."
         Samuel Johnson
 To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
 Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
 Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
 Dawn:   The time when men of reason go to bed.  Certain old men prefer
 to rise at about that time, taking a cold bath and a long walk with an
 empty stomach, and otherwise mortifying the flesh. They then point with
 pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy health and ripe
 years; the truth being that they are hearty and old, not because of
 their habits, but in spite of them.  The reason we find only robust
 persons doing this thing is that it has killed all the others who have
 tried it.
 What kind of sound does a sub-atomic duck make?
 Quark!!
 How many IBM CPUs does it take to execute a program?
 Ten.  Nine to hold it down, and one to cut its head off.
 The only people who listen to both sides of an argument are the neighbors.
 With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
 Cynic: A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as
 they ought to be.  Hence the custom among the Scythians of plucking out
 a cynic's eyes to improve his vision.
 The rising people, hot and out of breath,
 Roared round the palace:  "Liberty or death!"
 "If death will do," the King said, "let me reign; You'll have, I'm
 sure, no reason to complain."
 Frosh:  "Lemme have a 10-mfd. capacitor."
 Salesman:  "Will you pay for it now?"
 Frosh:  "Naw, charge it."
 Today is a good day to bribe a high ranking public official.
 The universe is laughing behind your back.
 You can call her an outdoor girl if she has the bloom of youth on her
 cheeks and the cheeks of youth in her bloomers.
 Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you
 out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
 A venerable old Jewish gentleman was day-dreaming while sunning himself
 on a bench on the boardwalk at Alantic City.  His reverie was disturbed
 when another man approached and asked, "Can I join you?" "What's the matter, maybe I'm, coming apart??"
 Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
 Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down
 A critic is a legless man who teaches running.
 It is a truly wise man who does not play leap frog with a unicorn.
 Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
 The decision doesn't have to be logical, it was unanimous.
 How can you work when the system's so crowded?
 HE WHO LAUGHS, LASTS.
 The best prophet of the future is the past.
 ONTOGENY RECAPITULATES PHILOGENY -- OR, IS THAT
 ONTOLOGY RECAPITULATES PHILOLOGY...???
 Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
 I do desire we may be better strangers.
 Assassination is the extreme form of censorship.
 An asylum for the sane would be empty.
 Council for the defence was prepared to prove:  1) He shot in self defence,
 2) The police did it and stuck the gun in his hand, and 3) He was 100
 miles away when it happened.
 The churches must learn humility as well as teach it.
 If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion.
 May you live all the days of your life.
 Never speak ill of yourself;  your friends will always say
 enough on that subject.
 Fleas can be taught nearly anything that a congressperson can.
 His money is twice tainted: 'taint yours and 'taint mine.
 Little nips of whiskey, little drops of gin,
 Make a lady wonder where on earth she's bin.
 Living in the past has one thing in its favour - it's cheaper.
 Now I lay me back to sleep,
 The speaker's dull, the subject's deep.
 If he should stop before I wake,
 Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
 Los Angeles:  Seventeen suburbs in search of a city.
 How can I take an interest in my work when I don't like it?
 It's a useless but absolutely vital precaution.
 Speaking of poison, I'll see that you get some fresh breakfast immediately.
 Jay:  Did you hear the one about the Polish athelete who was so proud
 of his gold medal that he had it bronzed?
 Banacek:  No, how does it go?
 PARKINSON'S LAW:  Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.
 PARKINSON'S LAW, MODIFIED: The junk you have will expand to fill the
 available space.
 THE PETER PRINCIPLE: In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to
 his level of incompetence.
 CHEOPS' LAW: Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
 MURPHY'S LAW: If something can go wrong, it will.
 WEILER'S LAW: Nothing is impossible for the man who does not have to do it
 himself.
 FINAGLE'S LAW: Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it
 makes it worse.
 RUDIN'S LAW: In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative
 courses of action, most people will choose the worst one possible.
 UNNAMED LAW: If it happens, it must be possible.
 CLARKE'S THIRD LAW: Any sufficiently advanced technology is
 indistinguishible from magic.
 GUMPERSON'S LAW: The outcome of a given desired probability will be inverse
 to the degree of desirability.
 (After a salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the
 month than you had before.)
* (The more a recruit knows about a given subject, the better chance
* he has of being assigned to something else.)
 CUTLER WEBSTER'S LAW: There are two sides to every argument unless a
 man is personally involved, in which case there is only one.
 ALBRECHT'S LAW: Social innovations tend to the level of minimum
 tolerable well being.
 PATRICKS'S THEOREM: If the experiment works, you must be using the wrong
 equipment.
 SKINNER'S CONSTANT: (also Fynnegan's Finagling Factor) That quantity
 which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from
 the answer you got, gives the answer you should have gotton.
 HORNER'S FIVE THUMB POSTULATE: Experience varies directly with the
 equipment ruined.
 FLAOLE'S LAW OF THE PERVERSITY OF INANIMATE OBJECTS: Any inanimate object,
 regardless of its composition or configuration, may be expected
 to perform at any time - in a totally unexpected manner for reasons
 that are either entirely obscure or also completely mysterious.
 ALLEN'S AXIOM: When all else fails, read the instructions.
 THE SPARE PARTS PRINCIPLE: The accessability during recovery of small
 parts which fall from the workbench, varies directly with the size of
 the part, and inversely with its importance to the completion of the work
 underway.
 THE COMPENSATION COROLLARY: The experiment must be considered a success
 if  no more than 50% of the observed measurements must be discarded
 to obtain a correspondence with theory.
 THE ORDERING PRINCIPLE: Those supplies necessary for yesterday's experiment
  must be ordered by no later than noon tomorrow.
 THE ULTIMATE PRINCIPLE: By definition, when you are investigating the
 unknown - you do not know what you will find.
 THE FUTILITY FACTOR: No experiment is ever a complete failure - it can always
 serve as a bad example.
 Why did the chicken cross the road half way?
 He wanted to lay it on the line.
 System stopping for 2 minutes, 1 minute ago.
 YOUR SUBSYSTEM HAS DIED.....
 Startrek makes your sterile
 NEW FORTRAN H EXTENDED - GO TO STATEMENTS ARE NOW ILLEGAL.
 SEE ASPNEWS FOR DETAILS.
 Your files will always expand to fill the available tracks.
 The system will always crash when you are over your track limit,
 and have been editing for the last 3 hours.
 There comes a time in the affairs of man when he must take the
 bull by the tail and face the situation -- W. C. Fields
 A man's reach should exceed his grasp.
 A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
 Haste makes waste.
 He who hesitates is lost.
 Above all, to thine own self be true.
 When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
 It is never too late to learn.
 You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
 Good things come in small packages.
 The bigger, the better.
 There is no point in beating a dead horse.
 If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
 He who hesitates is lost.
 Act in haste, repent at leisure.
 (Look before you leap.)
 Two is company, three is a crowd.
 The more, the merrier.
 ...do it well or not at all.
 Half a loaf is better than none.
 Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
 Better safe than sorry.
 Never judge a book by its cover.
 Clothes make the man.
 Out of sight, out of mind.
 Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
 Many hands make light work.
 Too many cooks spoil the broth.
 Never send a boy to do a man's job.
 ...and a little child shall lead them.
 Actions speak louder than words.
 The pen is mightier than the sword.
 Never change horses in mid-stream.
 Variety is the spice of life.
 Silence is golden.
 The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
 Practice makes perfect.
 All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
 A penny saved is a penny earned.
 The love of money is the root of all evil.
 There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid
 the real labor of thinking.
 Be kindly affectionated one to another
 It's much easier to ride a horse the way he is going.
 Belladonna: In Italian, a beautiful lady; in English a deadly poison.
 A striking example of the essential identity of the two tongues.
 (A. Bierce)
 Bigot: One who is obstinately and zealously attached to an opinion
 that you do not entertain. (A. Bierce)
 Bore: A person who talks when you wish him to listen.  (A. Bierce)
 Cabbage: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and
 as wise as a man's head.  (A. Bierce)
 Clairvoyant: A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing
 that which is invisible to her patron - namely, that he is a blockhead.
 (A. Bierce)
 Education: That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the
 foolish their lack of understanding.  (A. Bierce)
 Inventor:  A person who makes an ingenious arrangement of wheels,
 levers and springs, and believes it civilization.  (A. Bierce)
 Logic:  The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with
 the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.  (A. Bierce)
 Mayonnaise:  One of the sauces which serve the French in place of
 a state religion.  (A. Bierce)
 Optimism:  The doctrine that everything is beautiful, including what
 is ugly, everything good, especially the bad, and everything right that
 is wrong. ... It is hereditary, but fortunately not contagious. (A. Bierce)
 A poet who reads his verse in public may have other
 bad habits.
 Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
 Natural laws have not pity.
 Never try to outstubborn a cat
 The only difference between the fool and the criminal who attacks
  a system is that the fool attacks unpredictably and
  on a broader front.
 Virtue is its own reward, but then so is sin!
 We're all bozos on this bus - Firesign Theater
 We're dumber than we look.
 Everything you know is wrong.
 Why does the porridge bird lay her egg in the air?
 You don't understand how radio works. All you have to do is
 fade your voice down and queue the organist.
 We have met the enemy and he is us. - Pogo
 Please engage brain before setting mouth into motion.
 Mumble.
 You don't need a weatherman to tell which way the wind blows. - Bob Dylan
 Nintey per cent of everything is Garbage. - P. Sturgeon
 There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to
   conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead
   in the introduction of a new order to things. - N. Machiavelli
 Let's look at the record. - Al Smith
 Non illigitum carburundum est. (Don't let the bastards grind you down)
 A man without a God is like a fish without a bicycle.
 The confidence of ignorance will always overcome indecision of knowledge.
 One man's bug is another man's feature
 He who join nudist club pay no cover charge.
 Candy is dandy, but sex won't rot your teeth.
 Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker.
 Don't vote, it only encourages them.
 Vote for Harris, McCarthy and Prop 14.
 TEXT.txt
 Time flies when you're in a coma.
Crying: strengthens immune system by cleansing impurities
In ENGLISH, Data?! --Captain Beverly Picard
"Soon we'll be sliding down the razor blade of life..." o/` o/`
A book (returned) in time saves time.
I don't see you guys rating the kind of "mate" I'm contemplating...
Better attitudes through chemistry.
Marriage is a trip between Niagra Falls and Reno.
"Nobody listens unless you swear every other word." -- Kirk
Notice: All incoming fire has the right of way.
Quark! Quark! Beware the quantum duck!
I'm floating in a most peculiar way.
Never trust a computer you cannot carry.
Behaviorism is the art of pulling habits out
SDR: Shift Disk Right
The Fifth Rule: You have taken yourself too seriously.
Bearjoran takes over DS9 in Pooh D'Etat!
Women: Can't live with 'em, can't shoot 'em, pass the beer nuts.
Expensive imported beer is good for the sole.
Love of Money: The root of all EVIL...
Remember when 'lots of ram' meant 32k?
Hiya, Doc! What's cookin'? - Data
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes
Tasha Burger: It'll come up again later after it's gone.
113 grams, 10 milliliters ... he's lead, Jim.
Oxymoron: Conservative Scholar
Man Vs. Beer: A beer will only come when you want it to.
Gardeners are prone to sod-den decisions!
"I am Homer of the Borg. You will be assim.... Hmm... Donuts..."
Windoze isn't crippleware - It's "Fuctionally Challenged"
OPERATORS really know how to mount it
Don't blame me, it's San Andrea's fault
Frogs are smart.  They ea           Refer#: NONE
Hollywood Gossip: Phyllis Zinn
A liberal is nothing but a communist on Prozac!
96.37% of all statistics are made up
Why don't sharks bite lawyers?  Professional courtesy.
QaH! jIpumpu' 'ej jIHu'laHbe'!
I can't be humble -- it's just not honest.
i don't beLIEve slick wilLIE!
"Bloody hell!" -- O'Brien
Use IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE... to implement multi
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
SPELLCASTERS do it with their rods/staves/wands
ARC.angel says "zip.itup"
Look, mom: No disk drive!
Cats have 9 lives.  Do radioactive cats have 18 half-lives?
A pessimist is a well informed optimist.
Assimilation is futile.  You will be resisted.
We're testing as QWK as we can
"What is this...  time?"  Wormhole creators
What is the highest pyramid in the world?  Amway.
SWAT: SWAp Terminals
Experience is what you get after you need it
SYSTEM ERROR: press F13 to continue...
<Ctrl<<Alt<<Del< to read the next message
My favorite color?  Red.  No, BluAAAAAHHH!
James S. Brady, Press Secretary to President Reagan was an Eagle Scout.
You are aging when all your black book names end in M.D.
Klingon vessel uncloaking....or is it Odo?
TROI: I feel pain, GREAT pain! ... RIKER: Glad you liked it!
Thank you, God.  Keep it up!!!
Disks travel in packs.
Cut the Grass!: Moses Lawn
It wasn't broken..until I started playing with it!
I TAUGHT MY DUCK TO SAY ".QWK .QWK"
These were great.  I just tried to search TLX's database and got a major
Confuse the world -- smile all day Monday!
You mean there are BBS's that AREN'T run by drunks?
No brain, no effect!
Don't eat with you mouth full.
Reality is all a point of view.
Fashion:  A form of ugliness so intolerable that it changes every six months.
Let all fetuses live.
Does "Gay 90s" have anything to do with Clinton's Army?
Do witches run spell checkers?
<<<DEADLY NINJA THROWING TAGLINE>>>
"@#$%*!  I've struck oil", Tom said, crudely.
YOU VACUOUS STUFFY-NOSED MALODOROUS PERVERT!!!
Downstairs, in the historic Old Grid Building.
BATF Cafeteria Menu: Blackened Baby Back Ribs.
DRUMMERS do it longer
Pants:  Trousers' country cousins.
duck season, wabbit season, duck season, wabbit season..
"Shut up Spock, we're rescuing you" - McCoy.....
Narrow minded: looks through keyhole with both eyes at the same time.
"A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives."
Want a taste of religion?  Bite a minister!
"Every why hath a wherefore."
You will be invited to dine with many important people.
Focus On the Family; "McCulture" at its very best!
Define normal.
Artists do it by design.
"Dumber than advertised." -- Yakko Warner
Sysoping makes you fat.
A man's best friend is his copy of Messenger V1.0.
FORE!.........................................<BONK!<
Skydivers go down faster.
RADNOM.txt